Nothing worked. When everyone finally retired, he unearthed his
most recent acquisition, but even her underwear couldn’t get him off.
He jumped out of bed and pulled on sweats before he padded into the
bathroom. He flicked on the light and splashed his face with cold water to
snap himself out of this awful frenzy. He was beating his dick so often, he
considered asking his friends how often they did it. Would they guess that
his constant state of arousal was because of Violet? He couldn’t risk anyone
making that connection, so he kept it to himself.
He scanned the vanity for something of hers that would get him off, but
there were just hair ties, bobby pins, and other things that did nothing for
him. He winced as his dick pulsed, begging for release. He eyed her towel
and leaned over to smell it. There was an earthy scent mixed with her sweet
pea body wash. He wrapped the damp towel around him and began to
thrust. A minute later, he let out a frustrated hiss. It wasn’t enough!
As he began to open her drawers, desperately looking for something of
hers that would aid him, he realized how much noise he was making. He
eyed the door that led into Violet’s room and pressed his ear to it. Silence.
A wicked idea formed that was so provocative, his cock wept in
anticipation. His heart thudded in his ears. As he reached for the door
handle, the magnitude of what he was about to do hit him full force.
Fantasizing about Violet was one thing, stealing her underwear was another,
but sneaking into her room in the middle of the night?
I’m just going to make sure I didn’t wake her, he told himself. But even
as he turned the doorknob, he knew that wasn’t true.
Her door wasn’t locked. There was no need to since they trusted one
another and had a double knock policy that prevented any awkward
situations.
He turned off the bathroom light and let the door swing open. He waited
for a gasp or the sound of Violet sleepily asking if something was wrong,
but nothing happened. He stood there for a full minute, warring internally,
before he stepped out of the shadows.
He cursed the colorful Christmas lights that Mom and Violet had strung
around her room for the holidays. If Violet opened her eyes, there was
nowhere to hide. She tended to be a heavy sleeper, but there was always a
chance that she could wake like she had when he left the tent to jerk off.
He approached the bed cautiously, blood rushing through his veins,
making his skin itchy and hot. His ears were pulsing, and a trickle of sweat
slid down his spine. This was dangerous—the riskiest thing he’d done thus
far. If he was caught, the results could be catastrophic. That possibility
should have made him leave, but his need was too great. He couldn’t think
straight.
He held his breath as he took her in. Violet lay on her side facing him.
She wore a pink long sleeve shirt with her hands stacked beneath her cheek.
His mouth quirked. She was adorable. He listened to the rhythm of her
deep, even breaths and found himself matching her. Amazingly, his
clamoring demons began to settle. Maybe being near her was enough, and
he wouldn’t need to compromise his morals by…
Violet let out a little moan before she flipped to her back. The colorful
Christmas lights gilded her face, highlighting her full lips, which were
slightly parted. He focused on her rising and falling chest. It was clear she
wasn’t wearing a bra. Her nipples were hard and pointed straight to the
ceiling.
Even as he called himself every vile name he could think of, he sank his
hand into his sweats and began to stroke himself. It didn’t take long. Being
in her room and seeing her face instead of conjuring it in his mind sent him
soaring over the edge. I’m going to hell, he thought as his climax hit. He bit
his lip to stop his moan and staggered at the sheer intensity of it. He put his
hand out to brace himself before he realized he would jostle the bed and
wake her. Terror made him light on his feet. Swiftly, he righted himself and
backed into the bathroom without taking his eyes from her. He closed the
door and waited several seconds to make sure he was in the clear before he
flipped on the light.
Chest heaving, he stared at the closed door, unable to believe what he’d
just done. He’d just crossed another line, one that could put him behind
bars. Cursing, he stripped off his shirt, sweats, and ruined underwear and
stepped into the tub. He tipped his face up to the hot spray. His behavior
was escalating at an alarming rate. He was scaring himself.
Should he get help? The thought of broaching such a topic with Isaac or
his mom made him ill. They wouldn’t understand. What if they told Violet?
That sent a bolt of panic through him. He didn’t want to destroy what they
had. He would rather have her platonic love and affection than have her
look at him with pity or, worse, have her distance herself because she didn’t
feel the same.
Sometimes when she looked at him, he thought he saw something more,
but he wouldn’t act unless he was one hundred percent sure, and he wasn’t.
Unrequited love had to be one of the most excruciating human experiences.
In church, they discussed love like it was this gentle, peaceful emotion that
aligned your life and made you whole. Love was driving him demented. It
was a cruel, ruthless master that drove him to do all sorts of twisted,
depraved things. Love was an incessant hunger, a thorn burrowing ever
deeper in his heart. His love had no bounds—no line he wouldn’t cross,
nothing he wouldn’t dare for a few hours of peace from the all-consuming
pain. Several months ago, his behavior would have been abhorrent. Now, he
was creeping into her room and jacking off like a pervert. What next?
But you didn’t get caught. She didn’t wake, and now you can finally
sleep, he reasoned with himself. At least he hadn’t touched her… The
thought of putting his hand on her pert breast made his cock twitch. His
inner sicko urged him to go back to her room for one more hit. It’s late. The
chances of her waking are slim. One more look and you’ll never do it again.
He cut off the water with a vicious twist and wished he could shut off
the despicable thoughts running through his mind as easily. His father had
drummed into him the importance of discipline, integrity, and honor. All of
that had fallen to the wayside. He didn’t know who he was anymore. All he
could think about was her. Being in constant proximity to someone he was
in love with and who was completely oblivious was like being in purgatory.
He was forever burning, in agony, and he was starting to lose it.
He wrapped a towel around his waist and slicked back his hair. Now
that his mind wasn’t clouded by lust, the answer was obvious. If he couldn’t
have the girl he wanted, he had to find another. Even though the thought
was distasteful, what would be even worse is if desperation caused him to
do something unforgivable that ruined their relationship. He had to redirect
his fixation for both their sakes. It was the only sane solution.
When he got into bed, he closed his eyes and tried to ignore the quiet,
insidious voice that fanned the flame of dark desires he was desperately
trying to keep at bay.

VIOLET.
2 MONTHS LATER.
Violet sung along to the upbeat playlist she created to keep her
motivated when she had to cook, clean, or do laundry. Her clean clothes
pile that she’d ignored for almost two weeks was driving Lynne crazy, so
she’d finally given in and was folding and sorting.
She paused frequently to check her group texts. Her nerdy friends were
asking if anyone had finished a project that was due next month, while her
girlfriends gossiped about crushes and boyfriends. The group chat she was
in with Jesse and their mutual friends asked if they wanted to go to the
movies on Friday. Jesse hadn’t responded. She could hear the TV going in
the living room and the low rumble of Jesse and Dad’s voices. Since it was
Wednesday, there was no rush for him to answer, but she suspected he
would say yes.
She hung her tops and jackets in the closet before she carried neat stacks
of clothes to her drawers. As she surveyed her underwear, she frowned. She
walked around the bed and looked under it to make sure she hadn’t missed
any stray clothing before she went to her hamper and dug around.
It was the strangest thing… Certain panties had an uncanny habit of
disappearing during a wash cycle and reappearing during the next. It was
hard to be certain since she didn’t do laundry consistently, but sometimes
she’d wash a specific pair for an outfit and when the day came, she couldn’t
find them. The panties always magically reappeared at some point, but
sometimes she felt like someone was pranking her. But why would anyone
take her underwear? Even stranger, why would they fold and put them back
after using them?
A series of chimes on her phone distracted her from her bizarre
underwear problem. Vi, what’s going on with you and Tobias? Allison said
she saw him pass you a note in class?!
You and Tobias? Since when?
I’ve never even heard him talk.
OMG, what did the note say?
Tobias was a quiet guy she had History with and who haunted the
school library. They crossed paths often, since she hung out after school
when Jesse had practice. Tobias was always scribbling in a notebook. One
day, she asked him what he was writing and was dumbfounded when he
showed her pages of poetry that sounded like Shakespeare. Tobias was
awkward and terribly shy, but when he was talking about poetry, he became
animated and incredibly passionate.
Tobias and I are just friends. He’s a poet, she shared. He’s been asking
for my opinion on some of his work.
There was a long pause as the girls digested this. She hadn’t known how
to react when Tobias started asking her for feedback. She’d been flattered
but had no idea what the poems meant. Knowing how much his art meant to
him, she didn’t want to hurt him, so she said things like, “powerful,”
“moving,” or “I really like the direction you’re going in.” That seemed to be
enough for Tobias.
Are the poems about you? Marie asked.
That had occurred to her, especially when a few mentioned a girl with
hair that mimicked the ripples on the surface of the ocean and eyes the color
of amber. But he’d also handed her poems that spoke of ravens, dragonflies,
and roses, so… I don’t think so. I think he’s just happy to share them with
someone.
He’s in love with you, Georgia gushed and added a row of heart emojis.
“Lights out, honey,” Mom called through her closed bedroom door.
“Okay!” she called and rolled out of bed to brush her teeth.
Although she was getting a little too old for Mom to give her a bedtime,
she didn’t fight it. No matter how much sleep she got, mornings were
always a struggle for her. Somehow, Jesse managed sports, school, and
homework effortlessly on only four or five hours of sleep. Everything came
so easy to him. If she didn’t love him so much, she’d hate him for being so
perfect.
She hopped into bed and turned out the light, but continued texting.
When most of the girls signed off for the night, she rolled her eyes when
Georgia started messaging her directly. Her friend was convinced that
Tobias had a crush on her and that she was in denial. When she insisted they
were just friends, Georgia demanded to see his poems to determine for
herself whether they were about her or not.
She hadn’t realized how much time had passed until she heard Jesse and
Dad making their way to their rooms. She heard Jesse’s door close and, ten
seconds later, her parent’s door at the end of the hall.
She yawned and placed the phone face down on the nightstand, unable
to continue debating with Georgia. She’d tell her friend she’d fallen asleep,
which they both should be doing right now. Why had Allison brought that
up? Now, the girls would be watching her and Tobias like hawks in class
and Georgia, being the bold, curious soul that she was, may ask Tobias
outright if he was in love with her. She sighed. She’d make sure to talk to
Georgia tomorrow before she pounced on poor Tobias.
She pulled the covers up to her chin, turned on her side, and tucked her
arm under her pillow just as the bathroom door swung open. She blinked,
sure her eyes were playing tricks on her. Did the door open on its own? Just
as she was about to raise her head to get a better look, Jesse stepped into her
room. She opened her mouth, but whatever she meant to say was forgotten
when she registered that he wasn’t wearing any bottoms.
Her eyes snapped shut, but the image of his penis jutting out beneath his
t-shirt was burned in her brain. What was happening? Did he forget to put
on pants before he came to talk to her? Was he sleepwalking? His footsteps
were muffled by the carpet, but she felt a soft whoosh of air as he stopped
beside the bed.
She waited with bated breath for him to reach out and shake her awake,
but he just stood there, hovering. Did he know she was awake and wanted
her to acknowledge him? But why would she when he was half naked?
She heard a long, deep inhale. Was he sniffing her? No, he couldn’t be.
Why would he…? Jesse’s muffled groan scrambled her thoughts before she
heard an odd noise, something she couldn’t place. A minute that felt like an
eternity passed before curiosity got the better of her. A nightlight placed
near the foot of the bed allowed her to see what was happening when she
cracked one eye open.
Shock reverberated through her. Jesse was touching himself. No, not
just touching, but stroking rapidly.
This had to be a freaky hallucination, or maybe she’d fallen asleep and
this was a nightmare. This couldn’t be happening in real life. Jesse couldn’t
be standing beside her bed, masturbating. She closed her eyes, unable to
comprehend what was happening. She willed herself to wake up, but the
dream continued. She lay there, paralyzed in her body, as the sounds of
Jesse pleasuring himself assaulted her ears. It went on and on. She didn’t
know what to do, so she played dead. She didn’t realize she was holding her
breath until her lungs protested. She panicked when she had to take a gulp
of air, but thankfully, she wasn’t the only one who gasped.
Jesse made a noise, almost like he was in pain. Unable to bear the
suspense, she peeked again and saw him grip the head of his penis. When
his breath hitched, her gaze rose. The primitive elation on his face made her
insides squirm. A grunt was her only warning before something spurted on
her sheets. She was too stunned to flinch when some of it hit her cheek.
Jesse panted as he spread what he’d spilled over her bed. When his hand
came toward her face, she stopped breathing. His hand stopped inches from
her face, fingertips twitching before it retracted.
A flash of light scared the bejesus out of her. She clamped her eyes shut,
terrified he’d seen them open. She would just die if he… She heard a soft
scrape and then nothing. What the hell was happening? She opened her eye
just a sliver. Jesse’s face was illuminated by her cell phone in his hand. A
message must have come in, which is why it lit up and caught his attention.
He scrolled on her phone. She frowned, surprised he knew her password.
He grunted and set the phone facedown as she’d had it before he turned on
his heel. Her stomach flipped at the sight of his muscular butt as he
disappeared into the bathroom and closed the door soundlessly behind him.
The bathroom light came on. The water ran. She heard the normal
sounds of him brushing his teeth and using the bathroom before she heard
his door close as he exited into his bedroom.
Violet stared at the closed door, unable to process what just occurred.
She pinched herself. The tiny bite of pain assured her she was very much
awake, unless her mind could mimic pain in a dream. But there was
evidence… She reached out to touch her sheets, but before she made
contact, she stopped. The foreign substance on her cheek suddenly burned
white-hot. Stomach tight as a fist, she wiped away the tiny droplets with her
sleeve and turned her back on her damp sheets and scooted to the far side of
the bed.
She closed her eyes and let out a shaky breath. Even though she’d
witnessed it with her own eyes, she didn’t want to believe it. Jesse was her
brother. He wouldn’t… She pulled the covers over her head. Maybe she was
coming down with something. She had to be to imagine something so
deplorable. Jesse was a saint, the poster boy of their high school and
church. He had never shown an ounce of depravity or perversion. This
wasn’t him.
She clasped her stuffed longhorn to her chest and buried her face in its
fur. This didn’t happen. It couldn’t have. She drew her knees up to her chest
and willed her mind to erase the past fifteen minutes from her memory
banks.
Violet stared blearily at her reflection as she brushed her teeth.
She had no idea if she’d gotten any sleep. It didn’t feel like it.
Jesse’s double knock startled her. She hesitated, before she said, “Come
in.”
She tapped her toothbrush on the edge of the sink to remove excess
water as Jesse entered.
“Morning,” he said.
“Morning,” she returned and set her toothbrush in its holder and reached
for her hairbrush.
“Mom made breakfast if you’re hungry,” he said.
“Okay.”
He reached for his comb. She kept her eyes trained on herself as he
styled his hair with just a few passes. He was already dressed in jeans and a
dark gray sweater. She frowned when he put on a hat. Why brush his hair if
he was just going to cover it?
“Are you okay?” he asked.
“Yup,” she said without looking at him.
“You sure?”
“Mm hmm.”
There was a long pause. She felt the intensity of his gaze before he said,
“I’m ready when you are.”
When he left, closing his door behind him, she stared at the place he’d
been standing. She hadn’t inspected her bedsheets this morning to confirm
her fever dream. She couldn’t handle that, so she ignored it, just as she had
Jesse. She was worried that looking at him would revive those graphic
memories she was trying to repress.
“I’m out, kids! Have a great day! Stay safe!” Mom called as she headed
out the door.
“Love you!” Jesse shouted.
“I love you more!” Lynne hollered back.
Despite herself, Violet’s mouth curved. She and Dad never used to say
the L word, but thanks to Jesse and Lynne, it had become a daily declaration
she never tired of hearing. The familiar ritual eased some of her tension. It
was just another day. Everything was the way it should be. And she had to
get going.
She gave up on her hair and pulled it back with a clip. She rushed into
her bedroom and dressed in jeans and a sweater like Jesse to combat the
chilly February morning.
When she made her way to the kitchen, she spotted Jesse outside,
wheeling their elderly neighbor’s trash can to the street. On his way back to
the house, he was hailed by two women power walking. Violet couldn’t
hear what they were saying, but she didn’t need to. The women’s broad
smiles and the way they patted his arm told her they were impressed with
his thoughtfulness.
She’d heard it for years—adults praising Jesse for being so helpful,
kind, and responsible. It wasn’t an act. Jesse was the same at home as he
was at school and church. He was a natural leader. People gravitated to him,
unconsciously sensing his grounded nature. He was everything everyone
believed he was and more. She knew for a fact that he was a genuinely
helpful, sweet guy. He had made her life immeasurably better. She had been
so insecure, so terrified of things going wrong. His steadfast patience, love,
and support healed wounds she didn’t know she had. It took years for her to
accept that this was her real life, and it wouldn’t dissolve when Mom and
Dad had a fight. She didn’t want anything to change. Not now, when she
finally had everything she’d ever wanted and more.
As Jesse started up the driveway, she hastily made herself a breakfast
sandwich. By the time he opened the door, she had the leftovers in the
fridge with a note for Dad when he came home from work.
“Ready?” Jesse asked.
“Yup.”
She braced one hand on the wall as she shoved her feet into her boots.
“That’s the second time you’ve said that this morning,” Jesse observed.
“What?”
“Since when do you say yup?”
She shrugged as she made her way to the SUV. Mom bought a small,
fuel-efficient car once Jesse got his license and let him take the SUV since
he usually needed the extra room for his sports equipment.
She settled her backpack on the floorboard and belted herself in as Jesse
got behind the steering wheel. He fiddled with the radio as they made their
way out of the neighborhood. She unwrapped her breakfast sandwich and
stared out the window as she tried to think of the day ahead and not about
anything that could ruin her picture-perfect life.
“Did you see that text about Brody and the others going to the movies
on Friday?” Jesse asked.
“Yes.”
Several seconds passed before he asked, “You want to go?”
“I don’t know,” she heard herself say.
“You told me a couple of days ago, you wanted to see that movie.”
“I know, but…” She waved her half-eaten sandwich. “I can always see
it later.”
“There’s no reason for you to see it later unless you have other plans
this weekend?”
“Maybe. My friends were talking and…” She shrugged.
“You need me to drive you anywhere?”
She shook her head. “No, I can catch a ride.”
“I don’t have to go to the movies. I can take you wherever you need to
go.”
She relaxed a little. He sounded like himself. Helpful, supportive, sweet.
“No, you should go to the movies. I’m sure it’ll be fun. You can tell me if
it’s good.”
“I’d rather you come with us. When you know what you’re doing with
your friends, I’ll decide what I’ll do.”
She didn’t know what to say, so she finished her sandwich in silence
and crumpled the foil into a ball. Lost in thought, she didn’t realize she
hadn’t said a word until he parked the car, and she undid her seatbelt.
“You okay?” Jesse asked.
“Of course.” She scanned the crowd for her friends. She was relieved to
be at school, where she had classes and numerous things to distract her. She
reached for her backpack and froze when Jesse touched her arm.
“You don’t seem like yourself this morning.”
“I didn’t get the best sleep,” she said and pushed her door open, eager to
escape.
“Hey.”
“Yeah?” she asked, tugging on her backpack zipper, even though
everything was secure.
“Look at me.”
She mentally braced before she turned her head. She wasn’t sure what
she was expecting. Of course, he hadn’t changed overnight. His face was
the same—chiseled jaw and what some of her friends called perfect lips.
When they met, he’d been four inches taller than her, but now he towered
over her and most of their peers at six foot three. Sunlight hit striking skyblue eyes that stood out even more because of his dark brows and hair. She
searched his face for an explanation for the disturbing images in her mind,
but all she could see was baffled concern.
“Are you sure you’re feeling okay? You’re pale.”
She didn’t have time to stiffen as he cupped her cheek.
“Are you coming down with something?”
She gave him a bracing smile. “I’m feeling a little better now.”
He cocked his head to the side and dropped his hand. “You should have
stayed home.”
“I have a test today.”
“You could always make it up.”
“No need,” she said and waved as a girl approached the SUV. “Your
girlfriend’s coming.”
He didn’t turn to look. “Who?”
“Sasha.”
“We’re not official,” he said shortly. “If you need me to take you
home…”
“Yes, I’ll call you, but I’m sure I’ll be fine, Dad.”
She grimaced at the last word she’d tacked on, but Jesse didn’t notice
because Sasha was knocking on his window. Violet slipped out of the car
and slung her backpack over one shoulder as Sasha drawled, “Hey,
handsome.”
She walked away before she heard Jesse’s response. She wasn’t sure
what had come over him, but in the past few weeks, he’d gone into a dating
frenzy. When he didn’t have practice or a game on the weekends, he usually
spent it with the girl of the week. Sasha was the first to pass the two-week
mark. When she asked him why he was suddenly playing the field, he’d
said it was necessary. She wasn’t sure what that meant and hadn’t been
interested enough to push for clarification since she was sick of hearing
about his love life from her friends who were dying to be included, even if
it was just for a day. Unfortunately for them, Jesse was dating only juniors
or seniors. She was grateful. She didn’t want to have to console her friends
when Jesse moved onto someone else.
“Vi!”
Georgia stood beside her yellow Fiat, waving frantically. One glance at
her friend was all it took to know what was on her mind. Her life had taken
an outlandish turn while Georgia was still stuck on Tobias and his
nonexistent crush.
“You left me hanging last night!” Georgia exclaimed as she hooked her
arm through Violet’s.
“I passed out,” she said apologetically.
“I’ll forgive you if you let me see one of Toby’s poems.” When Violet
gave her a level stare, Georgia sucked her teeth. “What if he’s carefully
crafting these poems to express how he feels, but you’re too stubborn to see
it?”
“And if they are just poems and not secret love letters?”
“That’s why you have me!” Georgia said cheerfully.
Her brow arched. “Because you’re a whiz at poetry?”
“No, but I am a whiz when it comes to love.”
Violet frowned. “You’ve never had a boyfriend.”
“Exactly! Those who can’t fall in love are fated to spot it miles away for
everyone else.”
Before she could respond to that, someone pressed against her other
side.
“I see Jesse’s still with Sasha,” Marie whispered.
Georgia held up her finger like she was trying to figure out which way
the wind was blowing. “My senses say they’ll call it quits before the end of
the week.”
“I think they make a cute couple,” Marie said.
“You say that about every girl he’s with.”
“And I’m right!”
“He’s hot. He could choose someone butt ugly and his looks would
bring her up three levels.”
“Georgia!” Violet and Marie exclaimed, appalled.
“You know I’m right.” Georgia glanced around to make sure no one was
listening before she murmured, “Is it just me or does Jesse look bored out of
his mind, no matter who he’s with?”
Violet stiffened. “What do you mean?”
“I mean,” Georgia emphasized, showing off her pink braces. “He’s
going through these girls like hotcakes because they aren’t who he really
wants.”
“That’s crazy. Why pick them in the first place if he’s not interested?”
Marie asked.
“I don’t know.” Georgia bumped Violet with her hip. “Why don’t you
ask him who he’s really stuck on and go for her instead of breaking all these
girls’ hearts?”
Violet made a face. “Can we not talk about my brother’s love life and
speaking of, please don’t go up to Tobias and ask him if he’s in love with
me.”
“But,” Georgia began, but the bell rang, saving Violet from having to
hear any more of Georgia’s insane theories.
Violet decided not to go to the cafeteria for lunch. Her sleepless
night was catching up to her. She wasn’t in the mood to run into Jesse or be
harassed by Georgia. She detoured to the library, which she could always
count on for peace and quiet. She nodded to the librarian and got a nod in
return before she walked on the outskirts, looking for a cozy chair to curl up
in for twenty minutes.
As she neared the back, she spotted Tobias in his normal spot. Her
mood perked up a bit. Tobias may be a little eccentric, but he was kind and
didn’t mind sitting in silence. She didn’t technically want to be alone, so
finding him here was great. As she approached, she realized he was talking
to someone out of her line of sight, and he looked upset. She slid into an
aisle and peered over the books to see who he was talking to. Her mouth
dropped when she spotted Jesse. What the heck? She didn’t think Jesse
knew Tobias. What could they possibly be talking about?
Jesse must have asked Tobias a question because he nodded adamantly.
Satisfied, Jesse turned on his heel and walked down the main aisle. Violet
made sure to exit the row and hide at the end of the bookshelf so he
wouldn’t see her. When the coast was clear, she hurried toward Tobias, who
was on his feet and gathering his notebooks.
“Tobias.”
He visibly stiffened and didn’t turn to look at her as he tossed his bag
over his shoulder.
“Tobias?”
He started for an exit door that led outside.
“Hey!”
She rushed after him, aware that several heads shot up from the cluster
of work tables.
“Tobias, wait!”
She jogged to catch up to him. He didn’t look at her, but kept his gaze
fixed straight ahead.
“What happened?” she demanded.
“I never meant to make you uncomfortable,” he said stiffly. “I
apologize. It won’t happen again.”
“Uncomfortable?” she echoed. “What are you talking about?”
“Your brother said I was making you uncomfortable with my poems. I
won’t bother you with them anymore.”
She was so taken aback, she stopped in her tracks. Tobias continued
across the field, putting as much distance between them as possible. Why
would Jesse lie about Tobias’ poems making her uncomfortable? How did
he even know…? An image of him scrolling through her phone after he
orgasmed flashed in her mind. The confirmation she hadn’t wanted
smacked her in the face. This was proof positive that he’d read her
messages with Georgia, which he would have been unaware of if he hadn’t
come into her room last night.
She stood there, staring into space as her phone chimed. Mind awhirl,
she reached for it and wasn’t pleased to see a message from the person who
was responsible for her current distress.
Where are you? I bought you soup.
She pocketed her phone and made her way back to the library. She got
several sidelong glances that she ignored them as she staggered to a oneperson desk. She placed her backpack on top of it and used it like a pillow,
burying her face against the cool nylon. What was happening to her life?
Yesterday, everything was fine. Everything was right, and now everything
was going topsy-turvy. Her brother, who she thought she knew better than
herself, had gone rogue.
The bell rang. Immediately, those around her began zipping up
backpacks. She forced herself to get up and follow the crowd into the
hallway. She made her way to her next class and took a seat at the back
instead of the front where she usually sat. Her friends spotted her and made
their way over with puzzled expressions.
“Why are we sitting back here?”
“I didn’t get much sleep last night. I’m worried I’m going to fall asleep
in front of Mrs. Gindler,” Violet said in a monotone.
She frowned as she spotted Marissa weaving through the desks.
“You don’t have this class,” she said.
“I’m at the lab down the hall. Jesse told me to give this to you,” Marissa
set a paper bowl on the desk before she left, giving the teacher an
apologetic smile.
Violet wrapped her cold hands around the bowl, knowing without
sniffing it that it would be her favorite lentil soup. When Mrs. Gindler
called their attention to the board, she obeyed, but didn’t hear one word the
teacher said.
“Violet.”
She jolted awake at the sound of Jesse’s voice. She raised her head to
see him coming around the couch where she had been napping.
“What time is it? You’re done with practice?” she mumbled, fumbling
for her phone.
“You shouldn’t have asked Georgia to give you a ride home. I would
have skipped practice if you didn’t feel well.” He brushed her hair aside to
feel her forehead. “What is it? Do you have a fever?”
“Migraine,” she muttered, pushing his hand away.
“Migraine? Do you have your…? No, not for another week,” he
muttered.
She peered up at him through one puffy eye. “What are you talking
about?”
“Nothing,” he said gruffly. “Did you take something?”
“Yes, I just need to rest. Stop fussing.”
There was a short pause, and then he asked, “Are you washing
something?”
Her heart skipped. “I tossed my bedsheets in the wash. Can you hang it
when it’s done?”
“Sure. Do you want anything to eat?”
“No. I just need to sleep.”
He stood over her for a moment before he pulled her into a sitting
position.
“What are you doing?” she grumbled.
“Taking care of you.”
He sat and pulled her down, so she lay with her head on his lap.
“I’m not really sick.”
“If you weren’t sick, you wouldn’t be so pale. You should have stayed
home today.” He absently stroked her hair. “Did Marissa drop off the
soup?”
“Yes.”
“Why couldn’t I find you at lunch?”
She closed her eyes. “I got held up talking to my teacher. I decided to go
to class early and get some studying in.”
“Hm.”
“Hm, what?” she said testily.
“I went by both classrooms. I didn’t see you.”
“That’s odd,” she said, words slurring a little as she unwillingly relaxed
under his soothing touch.
“Must have missed you,” he said in a low voice.
“Must have.”
“Next time you don’t feel good, you tell me. You don’t tell your friends
to take care of you. That’s my job, remember?”
“But…”
“Next time I’m sick, you can baby me.”
She peered up at him. “But you’re never sick.”
“I’ll pretend so you can pay me back.”
She snickered. It was impossible to stay angry at him. He was so
ridiculously caring and protective. Before she realized she needed
something, he provided. That had to be why he said what he had to Tobias.
He’d misinterpreted her texts with Georgia and thought Tobias was
bothering her. She would seek out Tobias and apologize for what Jesse said
and reassure him that she hadn’t been uncomfortable.
As Jesse’s fingers tunneled into her hair, the confusion and turmoil she
carried throughout the day slipped away. This was the Jesse she knew. The
Jesse she loved. The brother she’d come to depend on. For three years,
they’d been deliriously happy. For the first time in her life, she felt safe and
stable. She needed everything to stay the way it was.
Last night was an aberration. Whatever had possessed Jesse to enter her
room and do what he had, wasn’t him. Everyone made mistakes. She
couldn’t let one action ruin their relationship. She wouldn’t. She chose to
forgive and forget and erase it from her memory.
Decision made, she relaxed completely and allowed herself to enjoy
Jesse’s comforting touch. She needed everything to go back to normal. She
couldn’t accept the alternative.

VIOLET.
3 MONTHS LATER.
“So, honey, have any boys caught your eye?”
Violet whipped her head around to make sure Dad wasn’t within
earshot. She spotted him in the backyard, tossing a football with Jesse as
they kept an eye on the grill.
“Mom!”
Lynne threw back her head and laughed. “Your father knows you’re
going to date someday.”
“He literally told me a week ago, I can’t date until I’m thirty.”
“He’s kidding.”
“He isn’t,” Violet said flatly.
Lynne flicked a hand covered in flour. “I’ll take care of that for you.”
She bobbed her brows. “So? Is there anyone you want to tell me about?”
“Not really.”
Lynne looked disappointed. “Really? When I was your age, I had a
crush on a dozen boys.”
“I…” She carefully measured out the ingredients for one of three
buttermilk pies they were making. “I’m just focused on school.”
“Huh.”
“What?” Violet said defensively.
“Not that I want this to happen,” Lynne drawled as she arranged her
dough in the dish and began to pinch the edges. “But I was your age once. I
keep expecting you and Jesse to rebel at some point, but you two are the
most well-adjusted, strait-laced, responsible teenagers I’ve ever met. My
friends are convinced we’ve either drugged you two or we’re hiding some
dark family secret.” Lynne shrugged. “I tell them we’re just blessed to have
such levelheaded kids.”
Violet fixed a smile on her face that she hoped concealed the way her
stomach curdled. “We still have time to disappoint you. I have two more
years of high school and Jesse… he might go nuts his senior year.”
Lynne glanced into the backyard with a proud smile on her face. “I
doubt that.”
Violet turned on the mixer to stop any further conversation on the topic.
They’d just put their pies in the oven when Jesse and Dad came in with
the meat they cooked on the grill. As she set the table, Dad spun Lynne and
gave her a loud kiss. Once they were seated, she took Jesse’s hand on her
left and Lynne’s on her right as they bowed their heads to pray. She tried to
ignore the distracting brush of Jesse’s thumb stroking her skin as Dad
blessed the meal.
“Lord, thank you for everything you’ve given us. Thank you for
providing for us and blessing our family. Protect us as we begin a new
week. Give us wisdom and strength to see us through. Amen,” Dad said.
“Amen,” they said in unison.
It was a lazy Sunday evening with delicious food and stimulating
conversation. They discussed Pastor Sonny’s message at church that day in
length before they moved onto what was going on in the community and
their schedules for the week. Dad and Jesse were too impatient to let the
buttermilk pies cool properly. They each dug into their own, while she and
Lynne were satisfied with a slice. Dad had to turn in since he had such an
early shift.
When Lynne yawned, Violet offered to clean up. Lynne gave her a
grateful smile as she and Dad headed down the hall with their arms around
each other.
Violet eyed Jesse’s pie, which was more than half gone. “You aren’t
going to eat it all in one sitting, are you?”
“I could.”
“Don’t,” she warned. “Because Mom will come after you with a knife if
you scarf down our pie, too.”
“You wouldn’t tell her it was me, would you?”
“I would,” she said, tipping her nose in the air as she carried dishes to
the sink.
“You’re heartless. You know this is my favorite,” Jesse said as he
gathered the rest of the plates and piled them in the sink.
“Maybe you should have pie instead of a cake for your birthday this
year.”
He froze. “Give up German chocolate cake?”
She crossed her arms over her chest. “What’s it gonna be?”
“Can’t I have both?”
She tilted her head to the side as she considered. “I could bake for your
birthday instead of buying you stuff you never use.”
“I use what you give me.”
“You used that nice shirt once.”
“Because I outgrew it within six months.”
“And the cologne?”
He shrugged. “I sweat too much. It doesn’t last.”
She took in the sweat stains on his shirt that clung to his athletic
physique and wrinkled her nose. “I can finish up here. You should shower.”
He spread his arms wide. “Can I get a hug first?”
She held her hands up as she backed away. “No! Stay back!”
“I just want to thank you for making my favorite pie.”
“You just did,” she pointed out. “There’s no need to touch me.”
He moved swiftly, but so did she. She ran to the living room and put the
couch between them.
“Jesse.” She tried to sound stern, but a nervous laugh escaped. “Don’t.”
His speed never failed to shock her. When he darted around the couch,
she let out a panicked yelp. He picked her up and pinned her on the couch.
“I’m going to tell Dad!” she yelled into his chest.
“Promise me you’ll make me cake and pie for my birthday, then I’ll let
you go.”
“No!”
He put more of his weight on her, sinking her into the cushions.
“Fine, I promise!” she croaked.
He sat up and grinned down at her. “You’re so easy.”
She glowered and made a show of smelling herself, even though his
scent wasn’t as repulsive as it should be. “I’m going to get you back for
that.”
He climbed off her, stripped off his shirt, and draped it over his
shoulder. “Looking forward to it.”
As he strolled away, she lay there for a second, before she gave herself a
shake. She’d seen Jesse shirtless countless times during practice, while
camping, exercising, or at the beach. There was no reason for the sight of
his naked torso to make her stomach jitter.
She stored the leftovers in the fridge, cleaned the kitchen, and washed
the dishes. By the time she entered her bedroom, Jesse was out of the
shower. She grabbed her pajamas and did the double knock on the bathroom
door to make sure the coast was clear. When she didn’t get an answer, she
entered and eyed Jesse’s door as she stripped.
After her shower, she put on lotion before she brushed her teeth and reentered her bedroom. She sat at her desk and worked on an essay that was
due on Friday, before she double-checked her backpack to make sure she
had all her homework assignments for tomorrow.
With just one month of school left, projects were coming to a close.
There was a flurry of tests and then they would be on summer break. The
year had passed in a blur. Next year she would be a junior. She couldn’t
wait! This year she’d been Student Body Secretary. Maybe next year she
could be Student Body President? Would her peers vote her in? There was
only one way to find out. Dad hadn’t let her attend prom this year. Maybe
Mom could talk him into letting her go next year?
My friends are convinced we’ve either drugged you two or we’re hiding
some dark family secret.
Lynne’s voice echoed in her mind as she climbed in bed and pulled the
covers up to her chin. From the outside looking in, she knew that they
looked like the perfect blended family. They attended church every Sunday,
Mom and Dad were happy and in love, and she and Jesse were as close as
blood siblings. Jesse got a lot of attention for being a star athlete and was a
great student on top of that. They both were. Everything was perfect. Or, it
had been before she discovered Jesse’s nighttime habit.
By day, Jesse was an honorable Boy Scout. He never touched her
inappropriately. He never even looked at her in a way that made her
uncomfortable. He seemed as open and loving as he’d always been. When
she looked into his eyes, there was nothing deceptive, lecherous, or evil.
She couldn’t make sense of it.
The visits were sporadic. Sometimes days would pass without incident,
allowing her to believe it was a thing of the past, only to be roused in the
middle of the night by the sound of him jerking off.
She tried to go to bed early, hoping she would be too deeply asleep to
hear him come in. But the stress of wondering if tonight would be one of
those nights kept her wide awake. She considered locking the bathroom
door to bar him from her room, but then he’d know she knew. And, for
some reason she couldn’t fathom, that was worse than enduring the deed.
The sounds of him masturbating were burned into her brain. She knew
from the rhythm of his strokes and breathing patterns when he was close to
climax. She catalogued every sigh, moan, or grunt. Some nights, he came
immediately. During others, he struggled. Those were the worst because ten
minutes felt like an hour when she was playing dead.
He was becoming bolder. He went from spilling on her sheets to now
coming on her face. It took every ounce of control she possessed not to
react. She was terrified that one day, she would flinch, open her eyes, or say
something.
Initially, it seemed Jesse regulated himself to once or twice a week.
Now, that amount had doubled. He was also becoming more impatient. One
night, she’d barely been in bed for fifteen minutes before he came in. And
he wasn’t as quiet as he used to be. She had always been a sound sleeper,
but not that sound. He couldn’t be trying to wake her, could he?
Even if she was truly ignorant to his nighttime shenanigans, at some
point she would have questioned why she woke with stuff caked in her hair
or had sticky, flaky patches on her skin. What if she’d naively asked Lynne
about the stains on her bedsheets? She moaned into her pillow.
If only he would stop, then everything could go back to normal, and she
wouldn’t feel… Her legs clamped together as her core pulsed. It was
humiliating and revolting, but somewhere along the way, her body began to
react to the nightly ritual. Most nights, after he left, she had to…
She balled her hands into fists as self-loathing swamped her. It was all
his fault. Before this, she rarely thought about sex. She never explored her
body or tried to figure out how things worked. Because of him, she now
knew what a man’s penis looked like and what cum tasted like. One night,
she’d gotten so aroused that she humped her stuffed longhorn. The next day,
she washed him, but she didn’t look at him the same and suspected the
feeling was mutual.
It was so confusing to feel one way and have her body react in another.
To overcome the excruciating shame and guilt, she rationalized that what
happened during these interludes didn’t count. That went for Jesse as well.
The creeper who slipped into her room and did perverted, wicked things
was a totally different person from her beloved brother. Once the sun rose,
the dark, degenerate entity that possessed him at night evaporated and
wiped the slate clean.
An hour passed. She lay on her stomach, a little rebellion on her part.
When another hour crawled by, relief mixed with irritation. She wished he
had a predictable schedule, but the times and days varied, so there was no
way to predict anything. As another twenty minutes inched by, she
concluded that Jesse had conquered his demons for the night, which left
hers to deal with.
She flipped onto her back and slid her hand down her primed body. She
rubbed herself through her pajama shorts and underwear. An image of his
body that he’d casually revealed in the living room appeared in her mind,
along with the memory of his weight pinning her to the couch. She bit back
a moan as she arched her hips into her hand.
As pangs of conscience smothered her sexual desire, she tried to replace
Jesse’s face with another boy, as if that would make it less sinful. But it was
impossible to picture anyone else when Jesse had awakened her libido. Her
passions now revolved around him.
All the things her friends found attractive about him, she found herself
inspecting for herself. The lips they thought were perfect, she’d seen him
bite during orgasm. His athletic build gave him a body that didn’t need to
be covered up. She didn’t know why he insisted on wearing a shirt during
his visits. She wanted to see his body in its entirety and hated how often she
harped on that detail.
She was terrified her friends could read her dirty mind and sense that
she’d changed. But, like their parents, her friends seemed oblivious to any
undercurrents between them. But why should they pick up on anything
when she couldn’t? Jesse treated her the same as he always had. There was
no trace of the desperate hunger that brought him to her night after night. It
was unsettling and made her question her sanity. She wished she could
confide in someone about what was happening to her, but she didn’t dare.
As she approached the finish line, her toes curled. As she prepared for
take-off, movement off to her left made her freeze. The bathroom door
swung open, and Jesse’s familiar shadow appeared before she could retract
her hand. She closed her eyes and hoped the comforter looked like it was
merely bunched over her crotch so he wouldn’t realize what she’d been
doing.
He stood over her for a moment before he leaned down and inhaled.
This was another part of the ritual, but tonight it sent a streak of panic
through her. He couldn’t smell her arousal, could he? She died a thousand
deaths as he took another, longer inhale. Just get on with it, she silently
screamed.
“Shit,” he whispered.
Her eyelids flickered. She was shocked by his curse and the fact he’d
actually spoken. Normally, all she heard were muffled, involuntary sounds,
but hearing his voice tore the seams between this alternate reality and real
life.
The wet sound of him stroking himself made her clench her teeth. It was
the worst punishment to act like a lifeless doll when she was so close. Why
had she wasted so much time wrestling with herself? She could have come
and been asleep hours ago. Then, she wouldn’t have to listen to the sounds
he was making that made the space between her legs so slippery she may
need to change her bedding.
Jesse’s stifled moan unraveled her shaky control. She pressed on her
clit, but it wasn’t enough. She needed that back-and-forth motion. Jesse
wouldn’t notice, would he? He was focused on his own needs, and he was
making enough noise that she knew he was close too. Moving as little as
possible, she began to rub and was rewarded with a delicious wave of
prickling heat. She sucked in a breath and heard Jesse do the same. She
found herself matching Jesse’s strokes. This was wrong on so many levels,
but she was past the point of caring. Her heart soared. This was going to be
the best orgasm she’d ever had.
“Violet.”
She obeyed without thinking. Her eyes popped open and collided with
Jesse’s, which were dark, glittering pools. As always, he wore his shirt, and
his cock jutted beneath it. He was close. She could tell from the way he was
jerking on the head of his penis.
As she realized they were staring at one another, and they’d broken their
unspoken pact, a bolt of heat lanced through her. Her climax bubbled up.
She gasped for breath as her eyes began to roll.
“Shit,” she heard again.
When the head of his cock touched her lips, they instinctively parted,
allowing him to spill into her mouth, while remnants dribbled down her
chin and cheek. Even in the midst of her orgasm, his gut-wrenching groan
freaked her out. Their parents were going to hear!
As the hot euphoria of her climax faded, cold horror came charging in.
She lay there, trying to control her breathing as her heart hammered so hard
in her chest that she trembled from the force of it. Not wanting to face the
consequences of her actions, she went motionless again, like a stupid
animal who’d made a foolish move and hoped they would blend back in
with their surroundings before the hunter took its shot.
Jesse didn’t move for several minutes. Neither did she. She didn’t even
swallow, she was so determined for him to believe her looking at him had
been a figment of his imagination. She willed him to walk away and
continue the pretense.
She was so attuned to him, she sensed the moment he moved, even
though he didn’t make a sound. There was a light snick of the bathroom
door closing. Jesse didn’t wash his hands or use the toilet but went straight
through to his bedroom and closed that door too. Everything went still and
quiet and tranquil, as if what just took place between them never happened.
She finally swallowed. Was it her imagination, or was his cum sweeter?
Was it because of the buttermilk pie? Dismayed over her thoughts, she sat
up and feverishly scrubbed her face to remove all traces of him. The urge to
shower and gargle with mouthwash was overwhelming, but the bathroom
was neutral territory. Why did she have a feeling, if she went in there, he
would try to talk to her? She would die if he did.
She rushed over to her drawer and got a new set of underwear and
pajamas and tossed her ruined ones into the hamper. When she climbed
back into bed, she huddled under the covers and writhed in anguish.
Her worst fears came true. Jesse’s secret—now, their secret—was out in
the open. She allowed herself to be enticed into participating in his twisted
fantasy, which had abruptly transitioned into something else. Something
terrifying. Something that could never be. This is what happened when she
let her body make stupid decisions! This wasn’t her and it wasn’t him. They
were good kids, Christian kids. This went against everything they believed
in. What were they doing?
Tomorrow, she would put a stop to this. What was done in the dark had
to stay there. She wouldn’t allow it to see the light of day and change their
relationship.

JESSE.
Look at me, baby. Open your eyes so we can finally talk, he silently
begged, but Violet’s eyes remained closed.
He wanted to sweep her up in his arms and shout for joy, but the fact
that she’d gone back to feigning sleep didn’t bode well. He sensed her
distress but couldn’t make sense of it. They didn’t have to hide this
anymore!
Over the past weeks, there had been times when he swore he saw her
eyelids flutter or random body movements that led him to believe she was
awake. He’d been pushing it lately, willing to risk it all to discover whether
he was losing his mind.
Tonight, when he came into her room and tried to catch her scent, he
detected something that shouldn’t have been, something that reminded him
of what he’d found smeared on several of her used underwear. Arousal. It
sent his body into overdrive. He’d noticed the odd bunching of the covers
over her crotch, but thought nothing of it, until it shifted. It took him only a
second to figure out what she’d been doing before he entered. When her
hand began to move in telltale circles, his heart stopped.
It had been a calculated risk to say her name. He said it loudly enough
to rouse her if she’d been asleep, but when her eyes flew open, they were
alert and glazed with lust. And then she started to climax. He hadn’t been
able to resist her open mouth. It was the most satisfying orgasm he’d ever
had.
Please, baby. I’m dying here, he thought. He reached out to touch her
but stopped when he noticed she was trembling. The urge to comfort her
was overwhelming, but his need to put her at ease was stronger. Reluctantly,
he retreated.
He walked through the bathroom to his bedroom and leaned against the
door. His initial blast of elation had morphed into disquiet, but he wouldn’t
let that get him down. He would give her the space she needed this evening
and talk it out tomorrow. He worried that she may always see him as a
brother but tonight proved otherwise. She declared her feelings in the best
way possible—by masturbating right alongside him.
He wanted to roar in triumph. He wanted to hold her on his lap and
confess how much he loved her. How much he had been holding back. Nine
months he’d kept all of this bottled up inside of him. He worried constantly
that she or someone else would deduce how he felt about her, but that was
at an end. God had mercy on him and made her want him in return. He no
longer needed to date other girls in a futile attempt to dilute his obsession or
use religion as an excuse for why he didn’t go all the way with them.
He flopped on his bed and folded his hands behind his head and
replayed her orgasm—eyes rolling, legs jerking beneath the covers in
involuntary response, and her beautiful face covered in him. His heart
swelled, felt like it was about to burst. Violet wanted him. He wasn’t sure
what their next step was, but it didn’t matter because they were finally on
the same page.
His hand flexed on the steering wheel. He wasn’t sure what to
expect from Violet this morning, but the bright smile and upbeat, inane
chatter wasn’t it. From the moment she bounded out of her bedroom and for
most of the ride to school, she talked about a range of topics—everything
but the one thing he wanted to discuss. He couldn’t get anything in
edgewise. He decided to let her take the lead, but he had no idea where she
was going with this.
“You have games on Tuesday and Friday, right?” she asked distractedly
as she typed on her phone.
“Yeah.”
“All righty.”
He waited a second before he asked, “You’re coming, right?”
“I’m not sure. My friends asked me to do something Friday night.”
On cue, her phone chimed.
“Who’s texting you?”
“Georgia and Allison and…”
Another chime sounded.
“And?” he prompted as he turned into the school parking lot.
“Huh?” Violet looked around and waved when she spotted her friends.
“There they are!”
He parked and tried to tamp down the flurry of emotions in his chest as
she prepared to leave. “Violet.”
“Yeah?”
“Hang on a minute.”
Her body visibly stiffened. The unease he dismissed last night came
back full force. He assumed they could finally talk openly, but Vi clearly
wasn’t ready.
“Look at me.”
She made eye contact with him several times this morning, her eyes
filled with rabid good cheer. Not now, though. They were more green than
hazel, a sure sign that her temper was on the rise.
“What, Jesse?” she asked impatiently as her cheeks bloomed with color.
He wished he could touch her, but in the mood she was in, he had no
idea how that would be received. She was skittish and on edge and couldn’t
make it plainer that she wanted to get away from him. What the hell was
happening?
“Is everything okay?”
His voice was gruff with panic. He had the crazy urge to keep her in the
car and drive to some secluded place where they wouldn’t be interrupted so
they could sort this out.
“I’m fine. I’ll see you later,” she said and slid out of the vehicle.
He didn’t move as she hurried over to her friends. He sat there for a full
minute, his mind racing. She’d been with him every step of the way last
night, so what was the issue? Had she just become aware of his feelings and
her own? Did she need more time to wrap her mind around this? He wished
she would tell him, so he wasn’t left feeling like everything he wanted was
slipping through his fingers before he had a chance to grab hold of it.
Her feelings had changed somewhere along the way, she just didn’t
want to admit it. For weeks now, he’d sensed a subtle change in her gaze.
She thought he wouldn’t notice, but he was so aware of her, he felt the
weight of her intrigued consideration during his games, on their commute to
school, and when they watched TV. He thought he might have imagined it,
but after last night, he was certain. To help her along, he stripped in front of
her whenever possible, like yesterday after pinning her on the couch. Was
she worried about what people would say? Their parents? He didn’t care
what they faced if he had her, but Violet didn’t feel the same. So, where did
that leave them?
He hissed through his teeth as he stepped out of the SUV and resisted
the urge to slam the door. He wouldn’t push it for now. Pressuring her
would only cancel the progress he’d made. He’d lasted this long. He could
wait a little longer, especially with last night’s victory under his belt.
Good things come to those who wait, he reminded himself.
“So, this is where you’re hiding.”
He turned to see Brody enter the gym.
“Hiding?” he echoed before he turned back to the hoop and took his
shot.
Brody let out a disgusted sound as he made his way across the court.
“Are you practicing for the NBA?”
“You know I’m going into the military.”
“I was hoping you changed your mind,” Brody muttered.
“I haven’t.”
He retrieved the ball and dribbled back to his spot to make another
three-pointer. Brody placed himself beneath the hoop and passed him the
ball. Several minutes passed before he noticed the odd look Brody was
giving him.
“What?”
“You’re taking this well.”
He frowned. “Taking what well?”
Brody did a hook shot before passing the ball to him once more.
“Violet.”
He tensed. “What about her?”
He texted her to see if she wanted to go off campus for lunch. He hoped
if she wasn’t ready to talk, she’d still want to spend time together. She
hadn’t responded, which put him in a foul mood. He had no idea where he
stood with her, and it was driving him crazy. He’d taken refuge in the gym
during lunch to clear his head.
“I thought it was a rumor, so I didn’t bother asking you about it, but I
saw them with my own eyes.” Brody shook his head. “Out of all the guys
she could pick, she chose him? That loner who hides in the library?”
He tucked the basketball under his arm. “Tobias?”
Brody made a face. “Is that his name? He can’t even make eye contact
with anyone, and your sister looks at him and thinks, ‘Hey, this guy should
be my first boyfriend?’”
His heart slammed against his ribs. “Who says Violet’s dating him?”
Brody stared at him. “I saw them.”
He took a threatening step toward his friend. “Saw them what?”
Brody held up his hands. “Chill, bro.”
“Tell me what you saw!”
“They were holding hands in the cafeteria.” Brody searched his face. “I
thought you knew.”
He threw the ball at his friend before he snatched his backpack and
stalked out of the gym. She wouldn’t do this to him, he thought as pain and
fury seared his chest. The bell rang, flooding the hallways with students. He
went against the crowd to reach the cafeteria, but by the time he got there, it
was empty. He broke into a run to get to Violet’s next class. Several people
called out to him and a teacher told him to slow down, but for once in his
life, he ignored everyone. Brody had to be mistaken. There had to be
another explanation for Violet holding Tobias’ hand. Like, the kid had
suddenly gone blind, and she was leading him around because no one else
would, or something. She wouldn’t date. Not now and not him.
He turned the corner as the second bell rang and stopped in his tracks.
Tobias and Violet stood outside of her class. Violet was smiling at Tobias
like… Like she should be smiling at him. Tobias grasped Violet’s hand and
pecked it before he scuttled down the hallway. Violet had a bemused look
on her face before it morphed into a delighted giggle.
As if she sensed his presence, she looked down the hall to where he
stood. Her eyes widened and her amusement vanished. He started toward
her to get some answers, but she took a step back and raised her hand in a
stopping motion before she disappeared inside her class.
What the fuck?
The third and final bell rang. Teachers came out to close their doors.
One of them noticed him standing there and frowned.
“Mr. Sampson? Is something wrong?”
“No,” he said and pivoted on his heel.
His temper, something that hadn’t been provoked since last summer,
threatened to break free. Why would she suddenly decide to date after what
happened last night? And why choose a creep like Tobias? The guy spent
his days in the library or in empty classrooms, scribbling in a notebook and
talking to himself. He told Tobias to steer clear of Violet, but apparently
Tobias hadn’t taken him seriously. Or, had Violet sought him out? The
thought incensed him so much that he smashed his fist into the building,
bruising his knuckles, but he didn’t notice.
He was in no mood to sit in class. He walked toward the parking lot,
nodding to the security guards who knew him by name. His reputation as a
good student and athlete allowed him to walk off property without being
asked if he had permission.
It took extreme discipline not to give into his demons as he navigated
out of the parking lot and rode gently over the speed bumps. It wasn’t until
he was on a deserted country road that he slammed on the accelerator and
let the engine release a roar that he silently echoed. He drove to a park. The
sound of his phone chiming made him dig through the zippers to find it.
Madyson: I couldn’t find you at lunch. I have a surprise for you.
Madyson: Do you want to go to a concert in San Antonio this weekend?
He tossed his phone on the seat, slammed the door, and paused. He’d
been dating Madyson for a couple of weeks. He planned to break it off with
her, but there’d been no need to rush. Is that why Violet decided to date?
Because he was? Did she think last night meant nothing to him?
He scowled as he headed for the trail. Running always cleared his head
and right now, he needed all the help he could get with his emotions
clamoring. He should have pushed the issue this morning during their ride
to school. He should have just laid it out and found out what was going on
in her head instead of being blindsided like this.
To expel the black rage threatening to consume him, he ran full out. Was
it a coincidence that Tobias asked her out today, or was this something
Violet had orchestrated? His chest burned, and it wasn’t from his pace.
Tobias didn’t have the balls to ask her out, which meant Violet had done
this deliberately. Why? To punish him for dating other girls? But that look
Violet gave him in the hallway wasn’t smug or defiant. She’d been alarmed
to see him and ran from him for the second time today instead of talking to
him. That fucking burned him.
He slowed and continued along the trail at a jog instead of the
breakneck sprint he’d started with. The run had taken the edge off his anger,
though it still heated his brain. But he was thinking a little more rationally.
So, she was hellbent on ignoring what happened between them and
decided to date Tobias. If Violet wanted to date, he didn’t have the right to
protest or be upset when he’d dated… and done other things while pining
for her.
How would Isaac react to Violet’s sudden decision to date? He secretly
wanted Isaac to forbid it, but that was hypocritical and selfish on his part
and when they came out to their parents in the future, that would apply to
him as well.
He grimaced. Why the anti-social poet, though? What did she see in
him? Abruptly, his bad mood lightened a bit. Better Tobias than one of his
friends. Tobias had no game. He was awkward and weird, and it wouldn’t
last. Violet was just testing the waters. She wasn’t truly attracted to Tobias.
He was a filler, just like his girlfriends had been. But he used other girls to
temper his fixation on Violet while she was deliberately bringing other guys
between them. Why? Because she didn’t trust what was between them? Was
she too self-conscious of what others would say?
He gritted his teeth at the realization that his suffering wasn’t at an end,
but another beginning. Violet wasn’t as deeply enmeshed as he was. If she
was, she wouldn’t care what others would say or think. She wouldn’t care
about the consequences. But she did. He still had a long way to go to
convince her they were meant to be together.
He slicked back his sweaty hair as he made his way back to the parking
lot. Her stunt still grated, but throwing a fit over her dating or forcing her to
acknowledge their sexual attraction to each other would only make her dig
her heels in and reinforce whatever reservations made her do this in the first
place. He had to stand back and let her explore and experiment. Violet was
a good girl. She wouldn’t go too far. She wanted the freedom to choose. He
could understand that, even if he didn’t like it. If part of this was revenge
for the girls he dated, he would let her have it.
He was confident it wouldn’t take her long to realize that their
connection was special. No one suited her like he did. He knew her better
than she knew herself. He adored everything about her and would do
anything for her, even let her date other guys, though it would drive him
crazy to see anyone touch what was his. She would come to him when she
was ready. And once he claimed her, that would be it for both of them.
VIOLET.
4 MONTHS LATER.
Violet frowned at the computer screen, where her unfinished
article for the school newspaper was laid out in incomplete paragraphs.
She’d been sitting here for at least twenty minutes and hadn’t changed one
word. She stared at the screen, her mind a million miles away. The steady
clicking of her pen gave away her agitation.
Someone stuck their head into the empty classroom, capturing Violet’s
attention. She sat up, a smile breaking across her face as the boy entered
and came toward her.
“What are you doing here?” she asked her boyfriend as he stopped
beside her.
“Looking for you.” Tucker leaned down to give her a swift kiss. “Let’s
get out of here.”
She didn’t hesitate. She saved her work, shouldered her backpack, and
felt her stomach flutter when he wrapped an arm around her waist.
“Jesse has practice, so I knew you’d be around here somewhere,”
Tucker said. “It took me a while to find you. Since when do you hide out in
Mr. Halstead’s classroom?”
“How’d you know I was hiding?”
He cocked his head as he looked down at her. “I was kidding.”
“I wasn’t,” she said sourly. “Is there something on my face?”
Her boyfriend’s brows arched. “I’m sorry?”
“I swear, people have been staring at me funny all day.”
She blew out a breath as they left the building and headed toward the
deserted parking lot. When she began her junior year with Tucker as her
boyfriend, it caused a sensation. Tucker was a senior and lead singer of his
band with a notorious reputation. Tucker may be known as a bad boy, but
around her, he was sweet and attentive. After several weeks, people were
finally getting used to seeing them together but today felt like day one all
over again. She didn’t understand it.
“I haven’t done anything out of the ordinary, and I’m not wearing
anything scandalous,” she said, gesturing to her blouse and shorts.
Yes, the blouse was a little more fitted than what she’d gone for in the
past, but compared to her classmates, her clothes were still modest and
conservative. She’d been stared at so intently, she excused herself to go to
the bathroom to make sure she didn’t have a stain or rip in her clothes. She
told herself it was all in her head until she heard her name said three times
in her last class. The temptation to confront her classmates was strong, but
what could they possibly be gossiping about? Her conscience was clear…
for the most part.
As Tucker’s eyes moved slowly and deliberately over her body, she
gave him a little push as her cheeks flushed.
“Stop looking at me like that!”
“Like what?”
“Like…” She flapped her hands, unable to bring herself to say it out
loud. “You know!”
“Like you’re gorgeous? Like I want to strip you naked?”
“Tucker! You can’t say that!”
“Why? It’s true. You have nothing to be self-conscious about. They’re
just jealous because you’re a knockout.”
Her heart leapt when he patted her butt. She glanced around selfconsciously, but there was no one around to witness Tucker’s inappropriate
PDA. Tucker felt like her first “real” boyfriend. Tobias and the others she
briefly dated had been more friend than boyfriend, but Tucker made it clear
from the start that he wanted much more. He kissed her on their first date
and wasn’t embarrassed to touch her in public. It was exciting and thrilling.
She allowed him to go further than anyone else, though she hadn’t gone all
the way. The fact that she considered allowing him to be her first was
shocking when she’d vowed to save herself for marriage. But with her
sexual frustration mounting, Tucker was a much-needed, healthy outlet she
could indulge in without feeling guilty.
Tucker led her toward his Bronco parked in the back corner of the
mostly empty lot and opened the passenger door for her. When she made no
move to get in, his eyes narrowed.
“You know what my dad said.”
Tucker made a terrible first impression when he sped through their
neighborhood after picking her up. Dad hadn’t ordered her to break up with
him, but she wasn’t allowed to get in a car with Tucker. If they wanted to
meet up, someone had to pick her up or drop her off.
Tucker rolled his eyes. “I swear, I won’t speed again.”
“If my dad finds out I got in a car with you, I’ll be grounded for life.”
“He won’t find out.”
“Jesse will tell him.”
Tucker glanced at his watch. “He won’t finish practice for another hour.
I can bring you back before he’s finished. He won’t even know you left
campus. You can say you were in the library the whole time.”
Her insides twisted. This was just the sort of thing Dad had lectured her
about—her boyfriend encouraging her to lie and break the rules. All the
males in her life unanimously disliked Tucker. Her father, Jesse, and her
guy friends had protested the moment they started dating, but they didn’t
see what she did.
Tucker’s band played a set at a concert she and her friends attended this
summer. They hung out after, and the rest was history. Tucker was so
different from everyone she knew. He had big dreams of becoming a rock
star. She loved listening to him talk about music and his plans to travel the
globe. Being around someone who had such large aspirations made her
reexamine her own future. He was free, liberated. Not bound by the
constraints of religion or the weight of family expectations. Being near him
made her feel like she could be a different person… But she wasn’t willing
to break all the rules just yet.
“I’m sorry, but I don’t want to lie to Jesse or my dad,” she said.
Tucker didn’t do a good job of hiding his irritation.
“You’re lucky you’re hot,” he growled and tugged her toward him and
boxed her in the open doorway of his car. “You’re driving me crazy.”
“I don’t,” she began, but was cut off when his mouth covered hers.
He kissed her deeply. She was dimly aware of her backpack falling to
the ground as he pressed himself against her, so she couldn’t fail to feel his
erection. She gripped his shirt as the space between her legs pulsed.
“Don’t you want me?” Tucker panted as he brushed kisses over her
cheek and gripped her ass.
“Of course I do,” she whispered and tipped her head back to give him
better access. God, she needed to be touched like this. She was starving,
burning up. There were so many desires trapped inside her. So much she
wanted to set free, so much she wanted to experience.
Guilt cut through her carnal desires. Good Christian girls didn’t let their
boyfriends put their tongues in their mouth or let them touch their butt. A
good Christian girl would stop this and walk away. She stayed where she
was. She hadn’t been a good Christian girl for a while now. On the surface,
not much had changed. She attended church, had the same friends, and
continued to be a dedicated student. But no one knew the dark secret she
shared with her stepbrother.
Jesse’s visits continued. He hadn’t been put off by her dating, as she’d
hoped. They presented a wholesome image to the world while he crept into
her room at night, and she pretended to be asleep. She hated that no matter
who she dated, Jesse was still in the forefront of her mind. But she finally
had a boyfriend who didn’t treat her like a princess or a good girl. Tucker
treated her like a woman, giving her the opportunity to act on her pent-up
desires.
“You feel so good,” Tucker rasped as he gripped her breast.
She arched into his touch.
“God, you’re so hot for me. Let’s get out of here.”
“I can’t,” she said breathlessly and glanced around, reason asserting
itself now that he wasn’t kissing her. “We can’t do this. Somebody might
see! I have to…”
In a sudden move that took her by surprise, he picked her up and carried
her to the back of his Bronco and pinned her against the cool metal.
“Now, no one can see us,” he said huskily.
She stared at the surrounding trees, which gave them a false sense of
privacy, before she looked back at Tucker, who was staring at her with a
determination that made her tense. “Tucker, I can’t…”
“You’re not ready to give me your cherry yet,” he said impatiently. “But
I can give you a preview of what you’re missing.”
She braced her hands on his shoulders. “What are you talking about?”
“Let me show you,” he cooed as he undid the button of her shorts.
She grasped his wrist, eyes wide. “What are you doing?”
“Making you feel good,” he said against her lips. “Come on, give me
this at least. Let me touch you.”
“Y-you want to touch me there?” she whispered, scandalized.
He stared at her for a moment before he shook his head. “You’re such
an innocent. It’s a miracle no one’s got to you before now. I guess I have
Jesse to thank for that.”
He tested her grip on him before he pulled down her zipper. This was
dangerous. She knew that, but she couldn’t find the will to stop him as he
lifted her shirt to examine her underwear.
“Of course you’re wearing pink,” he said with masculine approval. “So
pretty and perfect.”
“Tucker?”
She wasn’t sure if he kissed her because he heard the uncertainty in her
tone. If that was so, it was a good strategy. It was wiped any thought of
resistance from her mind. She sensed his excitement and urgency as his
hand brushed over the front of her. She gasped and was thankful for his
bumper, which gave her something to sit on when her legs gave out.
“I’m going to make you feel so good,” he panted as he adjusted his
hand. “I want you to come on my fingers. God, you feel…”
One minute he was pressed against her and the next, he was gone. She
opened her eyes and stared at the empty space where Tucker had been
without comprehension before she heard a shout and then a strange
scuffling sound. She rose on shaky legs, rounded the vehicle, and stopped in
her tracks.
Jesse straddled Tucker, who was splayed out on the pavement. Even as
she watched, Jesse drew back his fist and rammed it into Tucker’s face.
Tucker’s head snapped back and collided with the pavement with a
sickening crack. Jesse landed two more forceful blows before she came out
of her horrified stupor.
“Jesse, stop!” she screamed.
Blood spurted as he landed another punch before she caught his
swinging arm.
“Stop!”
Her desperate shriek finally seemed to penetrate the haze. Jesse stilled.
Tucker’s face was covered in blood from a split lip, a broken nose, and
what might be a shattered cheekbone.
“What the hell, Jesse?” she whispered, shaken to the core.
As Jesse rose, she collapsed beside Tucker to make sure he was all right,
but before she could touch him, Jesse roughly hauled her to her feet. She
hauled in a breath to yell at him, but the chilling look on Jesse’s face wiped
her mind clean.
“Touch her again, I’ll kill you,” Jesse said with chilling softness.
Her mouth dropped. “Jesse, he—”
He ignored her and began to tow her across the parking lot. She dug in
her heels.
“I’m not,” she began before Jesse turned, crouched, and tossed her over
his shoulder. She braced her hands on his back so she could see Tucker. “He
isn’t moving!”
“He’s alive,” Jesse said curtly as he set her beside the SUV and yanked
the door open. “Get in.”
She gawked at him, unable to believe what he’d done. She had no idea
he knew how to throw a punch, much less how to systematically beat
someone to a pulp. Tucker had been in his fair share of fights, but Jesse had
incapacitated him with shocking ease. She didn’t know Jesse had that level
of violence in him, but the splatter of red on his shirt, arm, and hand said
different.
“Why did you do that?” she demanded.
It was an unfortunate moment for her gaping shorts to drop to her knees.
In the time it took her to haul them up and fasten them, Jesse had crossed
quite a distance on his way back to Tucker to finish what he started. She
wrapped her arms around his waist and pulled back with all her might.
“Jesse, don’t!”
He stopped, but didn’t turn back to the car. She was very aware that if
he wanted to, he could continue to beat the crap out of Tucker and there was
nothing she could do about it. His chest pumped as he tried to rein in his
temper. He was angrier than she had ever seen him.
“Jesse?”
“Get in the car.”
His voice trembled with rage. She hesitated before she loosened her
hold on him. She felt a modicum of relief when he turned from Tucker’s
prone form to follow her back to the car. She warily eyed his blank
expression as she climbed in. He held the door open for her out of habit.
She flinched, even though he didn’t slam the door. She almost wished he
had.
As he stalked around to the driver's side, she turned in her seat and was
relieved to see Tucker sitting up and clutching his head with both hands.
She hoped he was okay. If she had her phone, she would have texted one of
his friends to check on him, but it was in her backpack on the other side of
Tucker’s Bronco. Considering what just happened, her backpack didn’t
seem all that important at the moment. As Jesse got in, she faced forward.
“Did he force you?” Jesse spat as they left the parking lot.
Her head whipped toward him. “F-force?”
“Did you want him to touch you?” he clarified impatiently.
For a second, she considered lying before the telltale wetness between
her legs and honesty made her confess, “Yes.”
Jesse didn’t say a word, but his temper filled the cab, making her heart
skip erratically. She ran a shaking hand through her hair. “I’m sorry. I don’t
know what I was thinking.”
“Don’t talk,” he said harshly. “Before I crash the car.”
Sick to her stomach, she looked out the window, and bit down on her
lower lip until she tasted blood. Jesse thought Tucker was forcing her? His
reaction was understandable if that’s what he believed, but she wished Jesse
asked questions before he got physical with her boyfriend. She buried her
face in her hands. This was all her fault. Anyone could have come by. It just
so happened that it was Jesse who interrupted them. Everything happened
so fast that her mind was still spinning.
They didn’t exchange a word the whole ride home. When Jesse pulled
into their driveway, he braked hard enough to make her rock forward, so her
seatbelt locked. She cast him a wide-eyed look he didn’t notice since he got
out of the car and, this time, slammed the door behind him.
She sat there for a moment, unsure what to do. It wasn’t until he
disappeared inside that she realized Dad could be home. The bolt of fear
that struck her caused her to undo her seatbelt and sprint after Jesse.
She burst through the front door and took in the empty living room and
kitchen before she raced down the hallway. She got a glimpse of Jesse in his
bedroom as she made her way to the end of the hall. She was relieved to see
her parent’s room was empty, and her father wasn’t sleeping after a long
shift.
She made her way back to Jesse’s room, nervously plucking at her top
as she stopped in the open doorway. He paced manically, a far cry from his
controlled, athletic grace. She was at a complete loss on how to fix this,
especially when she and Jesse weren’t on the best terms.
They’d grown apart this summer. Jesse attended sports camps, helped
renovate the church and went dirt biking, hunting, and fishing while she
spent her time with whoever she was dating and her friends. Mom and Dad
had remarked on her suddenly full social calendar, but they’d been happy
for her rather than disappointed. Little did they know, she was doing it to
avoid Jesse and exhaust herself so she could sleep through his visits.
It had been a sound strategy, but it hadn’t had the desired effect. Her
body still responded to Jesse despite the emotional distance and distractions
she’d placed between them. The shame of being sexually attracted to her
stepbrother caused her to give Tucker privileges she otherwise wouldn’t
have if her hormones weren’t running amok.
She glanced at the clock. Mom would be home in an hour and a half.
She had never been more grateful that Lynne helped with after school
programs. She wasn’t sure when Dad would be home, but she would do
anything to gain Jesse’s promise not to tell him what she’d done with
Tucker.
Her father would lose his mind. Would he take matters into his own
hands and go after Tucker with a gun for daring to touch her? When she
decided to date Tobias, she went to Lynne first, who made good on her
promise to handle Dad. Though it clearly pained him, Dad allowed her to
date on one condition—that she wouldn’t allow any boy to pressure her to
do anything she wasn’t comfortable with. That was Dad’s way of telling her
she wasn’t allowed to have sex. She hadn’t gone all the way with Tucker,
but that wouldn’t matter to Dad. Imagining his reaction made her sweat.
The thrill of breaking the rules and treading into forbidden territory had
long since faded. Now, all she could think of was the consequences.
“What the hell were you thinking?”
Jesse’s words, dripping with disgust, made her hang her head.
“I’m sorry.”
“Sorry?”
Out of the corner of her eye, she saw him feverishly rake his fingers
through his hair.
“If I hadn’t seen it with my own eyes, no one could have convinced me
that you would let him touch you like that.”
A ripple of defiance stole through her. “Why not? He’s my boyfriend!
I’m seventeen. Other girls...”
He pivoted to face her.
“You aren’t like other girls! You’re better than that.”
She swallowed hard and averted her gaze.
“Or I thought you were.”
The verbal blow stole her breath. Jesse had never been intentionally
hurtful, but that stabbed her straight through the heart and momentarily
distracted her from their parents’ impending arrival. Before she could think
of a response, Jesse whirled and sank his fist into the wall. She gasped,
hands over her mouth, as he retracted a hand now covered in not just
Tucker’s blood but his own. She thought that would be the end of it, but
when he pulled back his fist again, clearly about to pummel the wall to bits,
she rushed forward. She hauled back on his arm, stopping the force of his
punch so he merely cracked the wall instead of creating another gaping
hole.
“Please stop,” she begged.
He shrugged her off as if he couldn’t stand her touch, as if she was
contaminated. He skirted around her, looking anywhere but directly at her.
Once again, he ran his fingers through his hair, not registering the dust,
plaster, and blood that was getting all over him.
“You’re hurt,” she said quietly.
He began to pace again, head bent, hands flexing at his sides.
“Let me clean your hand.”
No response. No reaction to her voice. Cautiously, she started toward
him. She had to snap out of this agitated state. This wasn’t the Jesse she
knew. For nine months, she’d known there was more to him than what he
presented to the world, but somehow, this side of him was more shocking
than the late-night visits. Anger wasn’t a part of his makeup. Neither was
violence. Seeing both made her feel like she was talking to a stranger.
“What can I do?” she whispered, willing to do anything to make this
right.
“You should leave,” he said in a flat monotone as he stared at the floor.
“Jesse.”
“I thought I knew you better than I knew myself. I never thought you
would let anyone…”
His leg flashed out, sneakers colliding with an old dresser that
shuddered, but otherwise didn’t move. Encouraged by this, Jesse kicked it
again and then kneed it in a move that she knew would hurt tomorrow.
Knowing even in the depths of his rage that he would never hurt her, she
inserted herself between him and his target. Just as she expected, he
immediately backed away from the dresser, which was apparently
indestructible.
Despite the wild look in his eye, she reached for him and clasped his
face.
“Stop hurting yourself,” she pleaded.
He tried to jerk away, but she wouldn’t let him, tightening her hold and
matching the steps he took to put distance between them.
“Look at me,” she ordered.
He looked over her head, jaw set. Her eyes filled with tears as she
stroked his cheeks.
“Please.”
He tugged her hands from his face. Knowing he was about to push her
away, she plastered her body against his. He went rigid.
“I’m sorry that I put you in that position. I’m sorry you had to see… I
wasn’t thinking.” A tear slipped down her cheek. “Please don’t be angry at
me.”
“Step back,” he said coldly.
The compulsion to obey was strong, but she stayed put. The moment
she backed away, he would continue taking his anger out on the room,
which would make it impossible to keep anything from their parents. She
needed him cool and rational. She didn’t know what to do with the Jesse
before her, who was trembling with the need to wreak havoc. All she knew
was he wouldn’t hurt her, and although he wanted space, her presence was
the only thing stopping him from going nuclear.
“Please don’t tell Dad,” she said.
He glared at the wall and didn’t respond.
“I swear, I won’t do it again.”
Again, nothing.
“Jesse.” She went on tiptoes to force him to look at her, and when that
didn’t work, she yanked his head down. Stubbornly, his gaze remained
averted. Anxious, frustrated, and exasperated, she did the only thing she
could think of and brushed her mouth against his. Stormy blue eyes
immediately snapped to hers. She jerked back, hands dropping away,
stunned by her own impulsivity. What the hell was she doing? First Tucker
and now she was kissing her stepbrother. What was happening to her? She
backed away, twisting her hands together, cheeks hot.
“Is that how you get your way these days? With kisses?” Jesse asked in
a cynical tone.
Her mouth dropped before she glared at him. “No!”
“Then what was that?”
She flung her hands in the air. “I just wanted you to calm down!”
“So, you kissed me.”
Her stomach writhed. “I-I don’t know why I did that.” When he
continued to stare at her, she snapped, “We’ve kissed on the lips before.”
“By accident.”
“Yes, well, so was this.”
His eyes narrowed. “You really think I’m not going to tell Dad what
happened today?”
“I don’t know why you would.” She was relieved to return to their real
problem. “You’d be in just as much trouble as me! You beat the crap out of
him! Dad won’t—”
“Dad’s going to pat me on the back, and you know it. Dad warned you
about boys like Tucker. Boys who will take advantage of your inexperience
to pressure you into something you aren’t ready for.”
She crossed her arms over her chest and jutted out her hip. “Who says
I’m not ready? I know what I want!”
His eyes darkened. “Do you?”
“Yes!” she said defiantly. “I’m not a little girl. I’m going to be a senior
next year. I’m allowed to experiment if I want to! If I want him to…”
He closed the distance between them in two strides. She fell silent as he
towered over her.
“You want him to what?”
Something about his tone caused the fine hairs on her nape to rise. The
only sound in the room was her rapid breathing. As he stared at her, not
speaking, her nipples hardened into points so sharp, they hurt. Embarrassed
and confused, she stepped back and collided with the massive dresser.
“You want to experiment?” he asked softly as he crowded her.
She swallowed hard, heart thudding in her ears as she tried to think. His
hand moved between them. She went cold when she felt a tug on her shorts.
When he began to pull down her zipper, she clutched his wrist and shook
her head. He held her gaze as he nudged her shorts down. Her breath halted
when he cupped her like Tucker had. His fingers pressed against the gusset
of her underwear. Not penetrating, but firm enough to push the material
between her lips.
“How much have you experimented?”
His voice, rough with anger, caused her insides to clench. Warmth
pooled low. To her horror, she felt herself secrete. She held her breath,
hoping he wouldn’t feel her underwear dampen, but a second later, his
fingers shifted, rubbed, and then his expression hardened.
He brushed her underwear aside and slipped a finger inside her. She let
out a strangled yelp and banged into the dresser in a desperate bid to get
away, but Jesse was relentless. His finger sank so deep, her mouth opened
on a silent gasp.
“You’re soaked,” he growled against her temple and hissed when her
pussy bathed him in more honey. “Christ.”
“I…” She closed her eyes as another finger joined the first. “Jesse.”
“How many times?” he growled.
She grabbed fistfuls of his shirt and tugged, unable to utter a single
word. Her mind was whirling, emotions spiraling, back arching as he
caused her womb to weep. She went on tiptoes as he sank deeper than her
hairbrush ever had.
“How many times?” he bit out.
“I… I don’t know,” she babbled as her shorts dropped to her ankles,
allowing her to spread her legs, which he immediately took advantage of.
“You’ve done it so many times, you didn’t keep count?”
His voice was so guttural she could barely understand him, but what he
was saying didn’t matter when he was fingering her. Was this really
happening? It couldn’t be. It was broad daylight. Jesse never did anything
sexual during the day, but there was no denying he was definitely touching
her.
Shock made her lightheaded. Jesse caught her as she began to sway. Her
head swam as he picked her up and settled her on his bed. Her legs hung
over the side as she lay on her back, chest pumping as she tried to wrap her
mind around what was happening. She jerked as her underwear was
dragged down her legs. When she heard a zipper being undone, she stopped
breathing. She felt the coarse brush of his jeans against her shin as he
stepped out of them.
“Jesse?” she whispered.
A large hand cupped the back of her knee and began to lift it, spreading
her wide. Her hands dove between her legs to cover the heart of her that had
been touched for the first time today by two different boys within the same
hour. She should stop this. She should talk some sense into him, but one
look into blue eyes that still glittered with banked rage made her body pliant
in instinctive submission.
“I was so patient. I thought we had an understanding, but you gave
yourself to him,” he growled as he dragged her ass to the edge of the bed.
“I…” she began, but her mind went blank as something began to enter
her. She looked down the length of her body as Jesse gripped her hip,
holding her still as he fed his dick into her with his bruised, bloody hand.
Belatedly, she tried to scoot away to stop him, but his hold tightened,
keeping her in place.
The tendons in his neck stood out as he bared his teeth and eased his
way in. He still wore his white t-shirt, splattered with specks of red. His
nipples stood out starkly as he stared down at where they were joined. He
braced himself over her, the gold cross on the chain around his neck
dangling over her face as he buried himself inside her. His groan drowned
out her own.
“Jesse?”
“How could you?” he panted as he withdrew and gently began to drive
in again. “How could you do this to me?”
As her unused channel spasmed in pain, she grasped his shirt, feet
kicking for purchase as her body tried to adjust to his invasion. Panicked
tears leaked out of the corner of her eyes.
“I don’t know what you’re…” Her voice died as he speared her core,
tearing through her hymen.
Jesse went rigid, and then his head came up. He stared down at her, eyes
wide with astonishment. Every ounce of anger drained away to be replaced
with anguish. He cupped her wet cheek with a shaking hand.
“You’re a virgin?” he whispered.
She nodded jerkily.
He rested his forehead against hers. “God, I’m sorry. I’m so sorry,
baby.”
He chanted his apology while she lay rigid as a board beneath him. She
was dimly aware of the sound of kids playing basketball in the street. His
blinds were up. There was a bush obscuring part of his window, but if
anyone looked in, they’d see…
“Look at me.”
Her skittering thoughts halted. She met his gaze as he stroked back her
hair. He looked like her brother again. Composed, gentle, affectionate. But
he was inside of her, and he hadn’t pulled out yet. She could feel his dick
pulsing inside of her like a piece of heated steel. Now that the pain was
receding, it felt… okay.
“You never…” he began unsteadily and then hissed and closed his eyes
as his dick twitched inside of her.
“That was the first time he ever touched me.”
His eyes shot open and bored into hers. “And that’s the last time. No
one’s ever going to touch you but me.” His gaze moved over her face and
landed on her lips. “You don’t know how long I’ve been waiting for this.”
His hips moved and when she didn’t flinch, his breath hitched in
excitement. “I’m sorry. I need this.”
She didn’t make a sound as he began to move. She knew he was larger
than other boys his age and had witnessed his strength, but she had never
experienced both until now. He was going too deep, too fast.
“Jesse, you’re hurting me,” she whispered.
He didn’t slow down. He was deaf to anything but the urges of his body
and ruthlessly sought relief.
“Jesse!”
She pushed and when that got no reaction from him, her hands slipped
under his tee and raked over his back. That only seemed to spur him on. She
fought him in earnest, scared and in agony, but Jesse was oblivious to both.
When he finally climaxed and slumped on top of her, she was covered in
cold sweat.
He eased to the side so she could take a full breath. Pinned partially
beneath him, she stared at the ceiling, battered, shaken, and numb. This
wasn’t supposed to happen. It couldn’t happen. But it had. Now, what?
Jesse lay on his side facing her. She tensed as he splayed his hand on
her quivering abdomen.
“I’m sorry.”
She wasn’t sure whether he was sorry for what he’d just done, how
rough he’d been, or believing she hadn’t been a virgin. It didn’t matter.
Nothing did anymore.
He gripped her face and tipped it toward him. Sated, heavy lidded eyes
searched her blank, tear-streaked face.
“I’ll make this up to you,” he vowed as his thumb passed over her
bottom lip.
The only way he could make this up to her was if they pretended that it
never happened. As if he’d heard her thought, he grimaced.
“I’ll never forgive myself.” He stroked her cheek. “I promised myself
I’d never hurt you, that I’d always protect you. I failed on both counts
today, and I can’t take it back. Can you forgive me?”
She nodded without thinking it through. Accepting his apology was a
reflex, something that had been drilled into her by going to church her
whole life. Nothing was so egregious that it couldn’t be forgiven, even
this… She gulped back tears as she began to shake.
Jesse drew her against him. Even though he was the cause of her pain,
she wrapped one arm around him and sobbed against his throat as
everything that had happened over the past hour overwhelmed her. He
stroked her hair and apologized over and over.
“I swear, Violet,” he breathed fervently. “I’ll never—”
She turned her head and latched onto his mouth. She wasn’t sure
whether she did it because she didn’t want him to make rash promises, or
because she wanted a different type of comfort. Either way, it did the job.
The talking stopped, and the physical reassurance she desperately needed
after he’d used her body so brutally came in the form of a gentle, almost
reverent kiss.
She had kissed a few boys, but most of her experience came from
Tucker. He was a playboy and had great technique, but there was something
about the way Jesse kissed her, as if she was made of fragile glass, that
soothed the trauma of her first time. That hadn’t been him. That was his
dark alter ego that paid her midnight visits. This was Jesse, the one who
clasped her face as he kissed her, as if she was the most precious thing in
the world to him.
Kissing other boys caused her tummy to flutter, but with Jesse, she felt
like her world was spinning. He kissed her with an absorption that blocked
out everything else. He didn’t stop, even to let her catch her breath.
When his fingers probed between her legs, she stiffened and tried to
push his hand away.
“Let me do this for you,” he breathed against her lips.
She was prepared for more pain when his finger slid inside her. To her
surprise, it evoked a pleasant, familiar throb of desire.
“Does that feel good?”
She bit her lip.
“Violet.”
Her eyes opened and stared into his.
“Tell me how it feels.”
He wasn’t angry, but his intensity was back. She flushed under his
dissecting gaze as her awareness flared out, reminding her where they were
and that soon Mom and Dad would be…
Jesse’s thumb rubbed her clitoris. She let out a stifled shriek and
bucked.
He kissed her cheek. “Yes, let me know what you like. I want to make
you fly.”
He asked her for guidance on how he was making her feel, but words
were beyond her. Her moans, gasps, and shudders led him instead. When
she finally came, she bit her own forearm to stifle her scream.
“Good girl.”
She heard Jesse’s satisfied tone from a long way off. She felt his hand
smoothing what was dripping out of her onto her belly. Her eyes fluttered
shut against her will.
“Jesse,” she slurred.
He kissed her temple. “Everything’s fine. Go to sleep.”
“But I…”
He covered her mouth with his. Their tongues dueled before her mouth
went slack. He broke the kiss, chuckling, and kissed her forehead. “Sleep,
baby.”
She swam up from the depths. Her body ached like she had the flu.
Was she ill? She opened her eyes and took in her surroundings. The room
was dark, but a nightlight oriented her in her bedroom.
She listened, but no voices drifted down the hall. Had she missed
dinner? She braced her hand on the bed to sit up and felt an unfamiliar,
dragging pain between her legs. Her breath caught in her throat as graphic
visions whizzed through her mind. Her hand slid over her body and stilled.
She was no longer wearing a top or shorts. She was in one of her
nightgowns. Her brows drew together. Was it a dream? Her fingers pressed
between her legs, but there was no sticky residue. She was clean, but tender
and achy. Why couldn’t she remember?
She threw back the covers and went into the bathroom. She didn’t turn
on the light but went to Jesse’s door and put her ear to it before she stepped
through. Jesse’s room was dark, but the door leading into the hallway was
open, allowing her to see that the room was empty. Frowning, she peered at
the made bed, which had sheets tucked so tight, she could bounce a quarter
off it.
Worried that she was losing her mind, she entered the hallway. The door
to her parents’ domain was closed, indicating one or both of her parents had
turned in. What time was it? The living and dining room were empty, but
there was a lone lamp on. She peered at the numbers on the microwave but
was distracted by an unfamiliar flickering light in the backyard. Jesse stood
by the fire pit. She stared at him through the glass, heart thudding in her
ears, palms damp with anxiety.
As if he sensed her, he half turned. With the fire behind him, she
couldn’t see his face, but he beckoned her outside with his hand.
She hesitated before her need for answers and confirmation pushed
away her uncertainty. She slipped on sandals as she crossed to him. He held
out his arm as she neared. She didn’t hesitate to tuck herself against his
side.
“Feeling better?” he asked.
She stiffened. “I’m fine.”
He stroked her arm. “That’s good to hear.”
She hovered on the precipice, wanting to know if what her mind was
shrieking at her was true, but she didn’t voice it. Instead, she huddled
beneath the umbrella of denial and let the flames of the small fire hypnotize
her. She absorbed Jesse’s strength and warmth. She didn’t want things to
change between them. This was familiar, comfortable, meant to be. That
other stuff was titillating, but wrong on every level.
Her eyes narrowed as she spotted something in the fire. She took a step
forward. “There’s a…” She fell silent as she got a better look. Her heart
lodged in her throat. “Is that my top and shorts?”
“And underwear,” Jesse confirmed.
She whirled to face him. “Why are you burning it?”
His eyes were a mix of blue and orange flame.
“You know why.”
She crossed her arms. “No, I don’t.”
“Every time I’d see those shorts or top, I’d think of Tucker.”
Her breath stalled. Her face drained of all color, and she swayed.
“Hey.” Jesse drew her trembling form against him. “You aren’t okay.
You should be lying down.”
Before she could speak, he picked her up and started toward the house.
“I told Mom and Dad you weren’t feeling well. Dad’s shift went long,
so he went straight to bed. Mom made soup and then turned in. Are you just
sore or do you need—”
“What did you tell them?” she hissed.
“About what?”
“About what?” she echoed shrilly. “About your bruised knuckles, the
hole in your wall, Tucker and…” Her throat constricted as she thought
about what happened between them.
“They didn’t see the hole. I moved something in front of it until I can
patch it up. They didn’t notice my hand, and there’s no reason for them to
hear about Tucker. As far as they know, I brought you home from school,
and you went to bed because you weren’t feeling well.”
He carried her into the house and settled her at the table before he made
his way to the kitchen, where he busied himself at the stove. He sounded so
matter of fact, so controlled and blasé, as if losing his temper and taking her
virginity was nothing out of the ordinary. She didn’t know how to feel or
behave. He was acting as if nothing had changed, so maybe it hadn’t?
He brought her chicken tortellini soup and bread rolls and made a bowl
for himself.
“Do you want tea?” he asked.
“Water’s fine,” she said awkwardly and stared at the pills he set on the
table. “What’s this?”
“Ibuprofen.”
Her cheeks heated as she swallowed the pills. As he began to eat, she
took in her familiar surroundings. Everything looked as it should, but she
felt different, like she’d gone to Narnia for a year and came back to find she
hadn’t missed a second. But that’s what she wanted, right? For everything
to be as it should?
She glanced at Jesse. His blood splattered shirt had been replaced with a
pristine white tee and sweatpants. His gold cross was on display. The
memory of it swinging back and forth as he thrust inside her made her
womb clench. She clamped her thighs together and blew on her spoonful of
soup before she took a bite. It was delicious. She hadn’t eaten since lunch,
and it was now… She glanced at the clock. Almost eight.
“Do you want anything else?”
She focused on Jesse to discover he had inhaled his soup. Her mouth
twitched. “No, thank you. I’m still working on it.”
He grinned at her. “Sorry, I was starving.”
She went solid as he kissed her forehead and got to his feet. Her eyes
followed him to the kitchen as he rummaged in the fridge. If she hadn’t
been an active participant in what happened today, she wouldn’t be able to
sense that anything had happened. There were no strange undercurrents or
awkwardness. Jesse was back to being the affectionate big brother and
she… She looked down at her soup. She was going to resume playing her
part of younger sister. That was best for everyone.
“You don’t like it?”
She jolted as Jesse’s question broke through her hazy musings. “No, it’s
great. I guess I’m still tired.”
He gave her a sympathetic look as he brushed back her hair. “You want
me to run you a bath?”
Even this question wasn’t out of the ordinary, since she and Lynne
talked openly about their periods. Jesse didn’t mind pampering them or
being sent to the store for pads or tampons, while her father flat out refused.
“No, I’m okay. I’ll just finish what I can and turn in,” she said lightly.
“Okay.” He glanced outside. “I have to watch the fire.”
“Yes, you do that.” When he turned away, she hesitated before she
asked, “Did you burn anything else besides…?” Again, she blushed like a
virgin. She wasn’t anymore, so she would have to get past her
embarrassment.
Jesse raised a brow. “Should I have?”
“I don’t know.” She broke eye contact and wrapped her foot around the
leg of her chair. “Your sheets? Were they stained?”
“No.”
She didn’t hear him move, so wasn’t prepared for the hand that grasped
her chin. She felt her face turn beet red as he stared down at her.
“I got the blood out of them,” he said in a low rumble that made her
nipples hard. “You don’t need to worry.”
“You dressed me,” she whispered.
“I knew Mom would want to check on you. She couldn’t find you
naked.”
Very practical on his part, but, “You cleaned me.”
His gaze fixed on her mouth. “Seemed like the proper thing to do.”
His eyes rose to hers. Her heartbeat accelerated.
“Is there anything else you want to ask me before I tend to the fire?” he
asked gently.
She shook her head. His finger slid along her jaw before he turned
away. She turned back to her soup and ate mechanically before she put her
bowl in the sink. Habit made her clean up the kitchen and wash the dishes.
She glanced outside and saw Jesse staring contemplatively into the fire.
What was he thinking? Did he feel like his life turned upside down, or was
deflowering his stepsister something they would forget ever happened?
That they would never speak of, like his late-night visits?
While she brushed her teeth, she scanned the bathroom for any sign of
their hookup, but everything looked boringly mundane. She wished she had
her phone to see if there was any word from Tucker. Had word already
gotten out of Jesse fighting Tucker?
It wasn’t until she swallowed her birth control pill that her eyes flew to
the mirror, wide as saucers. Holy shit. She had been put on birth control a
year ago to regulate her heavy, painful period. It never occurred to her that
she would need it for its main purpose. She went cold with terror at the
thought of getting pregnant. She was a Christian. It had been drummed into
her that life was sacred and to be protected and preserved at all costs. She
didn’t believe in abortion, but if she was accidentally impregnated by her
stepbrother, she would have no choice but to… Bile rose. She swished
mouthwash to banish the taste from her mouth before she staggered to bed.
She tunneled under the covers and clasped her stuffed longhorn to her
aching chest. She made a lot of stupid decisions today. The repercussions
were steep, but they could have been much worse. Unfortunately, Tucker
got the worst of it. Was he pissed at her? She hoped he hadn’t been hurt too
badly. And her consequence had been to lose her virginity. Not to the man
she thought, but the most unlikely person imaginable. Even as pangs of
anxiety washed over her, memories of Jesse in the throes distracted and
made her body tingle.
She banished such sinful thoughts and thanked God that Mom and Dad
were unaware of what happened this afternoon. Although she was worried
about how she and Jesse would deal with each other moving forward, she
was too tired to fight the tug of replenishing sleep. She gave in to oblivion
with a soft sigh.

JESSE.
Jesse stood beside Violet’s bed. Thick lashes rested against her
cheeks and her mouth was parted slightly, letting him know she was deeply
asleep.
She was his. Finally.
He brushed her hair back as he marveled at the strange string of events
that led to the consummation of their relationship. In the middle of practice,
one of his teammates told him that Tucker had bragged about taking
Violet’s virginity and sharing her with his bandmates. The way the rest of
the team avoided his gaze told him everyone had heard the lies Tucker was
spreading, but no one had the balls to tell him except Reggie.
He hadn’t thought twice about stalking off the field, changing out of his
uniform, and tossing his gear in the car. It was sheer coincidence that he
spotted Tucker’s Bronco and saw two people on the side of it. Even as he
started toward them, they’d moved to the back of the car. The last thing he
expected to find was Tucker with his hand in Violet’s pants.
He’d taken great pleasure in smashing his fist into Tucker’s pretty face.
He would have killed him with his bare hands if Violet hadn’t stopped him.
He knew about Tucker’s playboy reputation and had wrongly assumed
Violet would break it off if Tucker pressured her sexually. It never occurred
to him that Violet would welcome his advances.
As the rage flooded back, he slid his thumb into Violet’s mouth to calm
him. She jerked back, but he followed, unwilling to give her space. He
rubbed his thumb over her tongue, encouraging her to suck. When she
reflexively obeyed, he bit back a groan and buried his face in her hair
spread over the pillow.
He fooled around with his fair share of girls but never slept with any of
them. He hadn’t wanted to. He’d been saving himself for her. He thought
they had an unspoken understanding. The betrayal and pain that consumed
him was something he never wanted to experience again. He drew in a
steadying breath and was comforted by her bewitching scent he couldn’t get
enough of. It didn’t matter that Tucker had his hand in her pants first. He
was the only man who had been inside her. That’s all that mattered.
Today, Violet finally made her move. She kissed him. From the
mortified expression on her face, she hadn’t meant to, but he was damn glad
she had. That impulsive kiss funneled his anger into lust. If only he’d
known she was acting on instinct or desire rather than bribing him to keep
quiet. Thinking she was using wiles she learned from Tucker to manipulate
him, he’d been coarse, rough, out of line.
Violet let out a pitiful whimper. He nuzzled her, wondering if she was
having a bad dream or if she was in pain despite the pills he’d given her. He
felt a flash of regret that her first time hadn’t been the gentle, loving
experience she deserved. If only he’d known she was a virgin… But
catching her and Tucker red-handed, he wouldn’t have believed her if she’d
said so.
Assuming she’d given herself to Tucker first and considering how slick
she was, slow and tender had been the furthest thing from his mind. And
even when he realized she was a virgin, he’d denied himself for so long that
he hadn’t been able to hold back the force of his need. With all that rage
still pumping through his system from dealing with Tucker, he’d been
primitive and savage. Violet didn’t accept his claim meekly. She fought
him. It had been an exhilarating, eye-opening experience. It wasn’t
romantic, but it was perfect because it was them, stripped of all civilization.
Violet rose to the challenge and after, still trusted him with her body and
allowed him to bring her to orgasm. He’d never been more grateful that
he’d practiced on other girls beforehand. Violet came so hard; she passed
out cold.
Knowing their parents would be home soon, he cleaned and dressed her.
He didn’t have time to inspect her the way he wanted. Instead, he put her in
bed before he stripped off his sheets and rearranged his room to cover the
hole that would prompt questions he couldn’t answer. Once his bedding was
in the wash, he checked on Violet, which led to him jacking off on her. He’d
just cleaned her face with a cloth when Mom arrived.
“What’s wrong?”
“Vi isn’t feeling good,” he said in low tones, and hoped Violet wouldn’t
wake at this inopportune moment.
He felt like he was coming out of his skin as Mom approached the bed
and brushed back Violet’s tangled hair. He prayed to God he got every drop
of his cum as Mom pressed the back of her hand against Violet’s damp
forehead and cheek.
“She feels feverish,” Mom said with a frown. “Has she taken anything?”
“No, she was hoping to sleep it off.”
“I’ll make soup,” Mom said.
As Mom walked to the door, he couldn’t resist doing one more pass
over Violet’s face with the washcloth. When he looked up, he saw Mom in
the doorway, watching him with a fond smile.
“You’re such a good brother,” she’d said before she walked away.
He was never meant to be her brother. He’d known from the moment he
laid eyes on her that he was destined to be more. It was everyone else who
had it wrong, not him.
Jesse straightened and withdrew his thumb from Violet’s mouth. He
vowed to give her time to recover, but he was hard as a rock. He pushed his
pants down and grabbed Violet’s hand and curled her fingers around him.
He moved her hand along his length and shuddered in absolute bliss. Her
tiny, silky fingers felt amazing and with the memory of what it felt like to
be inside her heating his blood, it didn’t take long.
He tipped his head back, gasping, as he climaxed. He spread his cum
over her skin and held her face still as he sank his tongue into her mouth.
She mewled and tried to get away, but he held her captive until she
surrendered.
He eyed the closed door. There was still a chance that their parents
would check on her. It was risky as hell for him to come into her room, but
he couldn’t resist.
He tucked himself away and gave her a swift kiss. She frowned, face
scrunching up in what looked like disgust, before she turned her back to
him. He grinned as he stepped back.
When she joined him by the fire pit, pale, dazed, and confused, he
sensed her questions, but she didn’t voice them. He had to tread carefully.
They had gone astray before. He wouldn’t allow that a second time. He
would begin his campaign tomorrow and show her how their relationship
was always meant to be.

VIOLET.
Violet woke before daylight. She tiptoed into the bathroom and
washed her face and teeth before she left her bedroom. She was surprised to
see a glow from the dining room and found Dad sitting at the table, reading
his Bible.
“Hey, kiddo. How are you feeling?”
“Okay.” Her heart was in her throat as she came forward and gripped
the back of the chair. “What are you doing up so early?”
“God woke me up, told me I needed to read the Word.” He tapped the
open Bible. “Mom told me you weren’t feeling good yesterday. I checked
on you before I turned in, but you were out. I prayed over you.”
She gave him a tremulous smile. “It worked. I feel much better.”
He pulled out Lynne’s chair. “Coffee?”
She made a face. “No!”
He chuckled. “Cocoa it is.”
She sat as he went to the kitchen. She tucked her hands between her
thighs as Dad made her a comfort drink. She thought that just by looking at
her, people would be able to tell some monumental change had happened,
but even her sharp-eyed father didn’t seem to think anything was amiss.
That was a relief.
“There you go.”
She grinned when Dad set a mug heaping with marshmallows in front
of her. “Thank you.”
She popped a few in her mouth before she realized Dad was watching
her closely. She froze.
“What?”
“When Lynne told me you weren’t feeling good, I thought something
else may have happened.”
Her pulse skipped. “Like what?”
“I don’t know.” He took a long draw on his coffee. “I thought, maybe,
boy troubles?”
She wrapped her hands around the mug and stared at the quivering
marshmallows.
“Vi?”
She met his serious gaze.
“You rarely get sick. Is there something you want to tell me?”
“Tucker and I broke up,” she heard herself say.
She hadn’t realized she’d made a conscious decision until the words left
her mouth. She’d been trying not to think past getting something to eat—the
primary reason she’d gotten up at this hour. Apparently, her mind had made
some decisions while she slept.
Even if Tucker didn’t hate her for Jesse beating the hell out of him, she
wasn’t the same person she’d been yesterday. She couldn’t act as if nothing
had happened. Jesse was partially right. Tucker had been pressuring her
sexually and eventually, she would have given into him, and it wouldn’t be
because she had any deep feelings for him. It would be to assuage her
body’s needs. Now that Jesse had done that for her, there was no need for
her to use these boys as a distraction or outlet. All these months of
emotional turmoil had been washed away by yesterday’s events. She was a
new person and had officially stepped into womanhood.
“I thought that may be the case,” Dad said.
She narrowed her eyes. “You’re smiling.”
“Can you blame me?” He held up a hand before she could say a word.
“I’m sure Tucker’s a good kid, but I don’t like the way he treated you. He
always had an arm around your neck like you were his property…” He
shook his head. “You want a guy who looks after you and respects you.
Tucker only cared about himself. You can do better.”
She pushed her marshmallows down into the hot cocoa.
“You want to tell me why you broke up with him?”
“No.”
“Maybe you should take a break from dating.” When she gave him a
level look, he tacked on, “Or date one of the guys from church, so I don’t
have to worry so much.”
“Morning.”
They turned their heads as Jesse entered the dining room with messy
hair and a wrinkled shirt. Jesse came straight to her. Her stomach clenched
as he clasped her face between his hands.
“You feel okay?” he asked.
She gripped his hand, very aware of Dad watching them. “I’m fine. Just
hungry.”
Jesse nodded and kissed her forehead. “I’ll make you something.” He
moved to Dad and clapped him on the back. “What about you?”
“I can eat.”
She cut into her melted marshmallows with her spoon, dunked them in
cocoa and shoveled them in her mouth.
“Vi said she had boy problems. You know anything about it?” Dad
asked.
She choked as Jesse turned away from the open fridge with an egg
carton in his hand.
“Boy problems?” he echoed.
“She said her and Tucker are done.”
“Dad!” she exclaimed and swatted his arm.
“What? I’m spreading the good news. We’ve all been worried,
especially Jesse. He didn’t tell us about Tucker’s background, but I didn’t
need him to. All you had to do was look at the kid to know he was bad
news.”
“I get it!” she said loudly. “It’s over.”
He looked up at the ceiling and murmured, “Thank you, Jesus.”
She was considering kicking him when Lynne appeared, tying the sash
of her robe over her nightgown.
“Everything okay?”
“Yeah, we’re just thanking God for answering prayer,” Dad said.
Before she could make a retort, Lynne clasped her face, just as Jesse
had.
“How are you feeling, honey? Do you need to stay home from school?”
“No, I’m back to normal. I’m just hungry.”
“I’m on it, Mom,” Jesse called out.
Mom patted her cheek before she gave Dad a kiss and made her way to
the kitchen. She gave Jesse a hug before she grabbed a cup of coffee and
settled at the table.
“Do you have a scripture for us, Isaac?” Lynne asked.
“I opened my Bible to this.” Dad bent over the page and tapped a
passage. “Ecclesiastes 3: 1-8. There is a time for everything, and a season
for every activity under the heavens: a time to be born and a time to die, a
time to plant and a time to uproot, a time to kill and a time to heal, a time to
tear down and a time to build...”
Lynne nodded as Dad read the passage that described the ever-changing
seasons of life.
“There’s a time to tear and a time to mend, a time to love and a time to
hate, a time for war and a time for peace,” Dad finished and cocked his
head to the side as he contemplated the highlighted passage. “I’ve had my
fair share of worries and internal battles lately. I’m always trying to control
every outcome and prepare for what I think will happen.”
Violet was caught off guard when Dad suddenly grinned at her.
“But there’s no need to worry. God heard my prayers and answered
them. What isn’t meant to be, God won’t allow.”
Her mouth dropped. “Dad!”
“Did I miss something?” Lynne asked with raised brows.
“Vi broke up with her wannabe rock star,” Dad shared with unashamed
delight.
“Oh, honey, is that why you weren’t feeling well yesterday?” Lynne
asked with great sympathy as she reached across the table to pat her hand.
Jesse plopped a plate of pancakes in front of her and Mom. “Better eat
them while they’re hot.”
She was putting the finishing touches on her makeup when Jesse
double knocked on the bathroom door. Before she could say he could come
in, he did so, startling her.
“You sure you want to go to school?” he asked. “You don’t have to if
you’d rather stay home and rest.”
She lifted her chin. “I’m fine.”
He held her gaze. “You don’t have to pretend with me. I know I hurt
you yesterday.” His eyes moved over her face as he reached out and gently
stroked her side. “In more ways than one. I want to make sure you’re okay.”
She swallowed hard, eyes watering slightly at his tenderness. “I really
am okay.”
Whatever he saw in her eyes must have reassured him because he
nodded.
“I’m ready when you are,” he said and left without another word.
She stared after him, heart thudding in her ears, every nerve ending
buzzing. Everything was the same and yet… not. He wasn’t ignoring what
happened, but he also wasn’t discussing it in detail. She was grateful and
confused.
Once she was in her bedroom, she automatically looked around for her
backpack before remembered where she left it. She wished she knew what
to expect at school today. She suspected Tucker wouldn’t show his bruised
face… Unless he decided to report Jesse’s unprovoked attack to the school?
Had anyone witnessed what happened? Were any rumors circulating? Had
Tucker tried to contact her?
With countless questions crowding her mind, she headed down the hall.
Mom was already gone and after a quick scan of the kitchen and living
room, she headed outside where Jesse was already in the SUV. She walked
toward him, feeling naked and awkward without her backpack.
She slipped into the passenger seat and buckled herself in. Jesse had the
country station on. She tried to get lost in the music, but her mind was
overwrought as she anticipated what the day would bring.
“Where’s your backpack?”
“It was on the side of Tucker’s Bronco. I hope it’s still in the parking
lot,” she said, rapping her fingernails on the door.
“Hopefully, someone turned it in.”
“Yeah.”
There was a long pause before he asked, “You’re breaking up with
Tucker?”
The toe of her right shoe tapped restlessly. “Yes.”
“That’s good.”
She waited for him to elaborate, but when he didn’t, she didn’t pursue it.
Instead, she asked, “You aren’t worried you’ll get in trouble?”
“For what?”
She finally looked at him. He wore a white shirt with jeans and a navy
hat pulled low over his eyes. The gold cross on his chain gleamed on his
chest.
“For assaulting someone,” she said sharply. “You could get kicked off
the team for fighting. What you did to Tucker could get you banned from
sports completely.”
“I had cause.”
She tensed and balled her hand into a fist as she reminded him quietly,
“He didn’t force me.”
A hint of the rage he displayed yesterday crossed his face as he shot her
a hard, glittering look. “Don’t, Vi.”
“I’m just being honest! If you get pulled into the office...”
“I won’t.”
“How do you know that?”
“Because Tucker had it coming and he knew it. Why do you think I
walked out of practice yesterday?”
She straightened, this new piece of information catching her totally by
surprise. Jesse should have been occupied with football practice. That’s why
she took leave of her senses and allowed Tucker to take such liberties. She
was so rattled, it never crossed her mind why Jesse had stumbled across
them in the first place.
“Why’d you leave practice?” she asked.
The muscles in his forearms flexed as he tightened his hold on the
steering wheel. “I had a bone to pick with Tucker, but once I found you two,
why I was looking for him no longer mattered.”
“So, you weren’t looking for me, you were looking for him,” she
clarified.
“Yes.”
“And you weren’t expecting to find me with him.”
He shifted restlessly in his seat, yesterday’s aggression permeating the
air.
“No.”
So, the events that unfolded yesterday wasn’t because of her, as she
thought. Jesse was already angry enough with Tucker to leave practice.
Catching Tucker fingering her set off Jesse’s temper, which was the driving
force behind his behavior. If she hadn’t been in that compromising position
when Jesse found them, she would still be a virgin today.
Feeling suddenly ill, she looked out the window and was relieved to see
they had reached school. She scanned the parking lot, but there was no sign
of Tucker’s Bronco.
When she pushed open her door, Jesse said, “I’ll come with you to lost
and found.”
Apparently, he didn’t see her backpack either. As they made their way
toward the cluster of buildings, she eyed the other students. No one pointed
or came running up to them to confirm any juicy gossip. When their friends
called out to them, she and Jesse raised their hands in acknowledgment, but
they didn’t stop to chat. Again, everything seemed normal. Freakishly so.
She didn’t have high hopes that her backpack had been turned in, but to
her immense relief, some angel had done the right thing. She immediately
plunged her hand into the front pocket and said a silent prayer of thanks
when she found her phone. As they walked out of the office, she scrolled
through her messages and was relieved not to see anything out of the
ordinary. By some miracle, the atomic bomb that went off in her life
yesterday had gone unnoticed by anyone else.
“Vi.”
She looked up with a frown. Jesse was looking down at her with a
strange look on his face. “What?”
“Any word from Tucker?”
“No.”
Jesse nodded. “That’s good.”
When the bell rang, he squeezed her arm.
“I’ll see you later.”
She watched him walk away. Faithful Marissa materialized at his side.
Jesse hadn’t dated after he broke up with Madyson four months ago. He’d
been single for some time, which had caused quite a lot of speculation and
gossip. Girls fawned over him, desperate to win his favor, but he seemed
immune to their charm.
She turned in the opposite direction to go to her first class. She wasn’t
sure why her chest was tight or why her eyes began to water. She dabbed at
the corner of her eye and fixed a smile on her face. All was well. Yesterday
happened. She couldn’t take it back and if she could, would she? She
crossed the threshold into womanhood. Today, she was wiser and more
mature.
So why did she feel so lost and lonely?
Want to get lunch somewhere?
She didn’t respond to Jesse’s text for two periods. She wasn’t sure
whether she should keep her distance from him or not. He had taken
everything in stride, but that feeling of calm acceptance she woke with was
beginning to wane.
Her friends were talking and laughing around her, but she felt
disconnected, like her normal frequency was off. It was clear that they
hadn’t heard anything about what happened between Jesse and Tucker.
They would have bombarded her otherwise. Georgia asked about Tucker
during recess. She said they’d had a fight and were on a break. Her friends
rubbed her back and gave her sympathetic hugs. The urge to confide in
them was so strong, she had to excuse herself from their huddle.
In her next class, she noticed she was still getting odd looks like she had
the day before. She kept her attention on her assignment and tried to ignore
the paranoia that everyone could see right through her. If anyone knew that
she, Violet Carr, had lost her virginity yesterday, no one would be giving
her intense stares. They would be gawking. And if they knew who she’d
lost it to…
“Are you sure?” someone whispered. “No. Violet?”
Her back stiffened as someone a row back gossiped about her. She
reached for her phone and accepted Jesse’s invitation to get lunch off
campus. She had to get out of here.
The moment the bell rang, she dashed out the door and jogged to the
parking lot. Jesse was already behind the wheel. She wasn’t hungry, but the
strain of appearing normal when she felt anything but was taking its toll.
She was terrified she would accidentally blurt out something to her friends
and once that happened, there was no taking it back. Better to be with Jesse.
At least she didn’t have to pretend with him.
“Hey,” he said as she tossed her backpack on the floor and hopped into
the passenger seat.
“Hey,” she replied and rolled down the window for some fresh air.
“What do you want to eat?”
“Anything.”
“Mexican?”
“Sure,” she sighed.
“Are you okay?”
“Yup.”
Jesse stopped by a well-known taco place. She surveyed the menu and
jolted when Jesse touched her back.
“Know what you want?” he asked.
“Uh, can I get chicken tacos, and I’m going to grab an iced tea from the
fridge.”
He nodded and jerked his head, indicating for her to sit. She nabbed her
drink before she sat at a glossy round table. Jesse stood behind two stocky
construction workers. She found herself comparing Jesse’s build to the
grown men. Jesse’s broad shoulders and military stance made him appear
much older than his eighteen years. He had also put on some muscle while
helping to rebuild the church this summer. He had a knack for it and had
been working with a general contractor as an apprentice on the weekends.
Her eyes moved over him, taking in the well-fitted jeans and trim waist.
As her eyes moved up, she spotted something above his collar. She half rose
from her seat before she sat, hands over her mouth, as she stared at the
scratches she’d left on the back of his neck. The urge to lift his shirt and
inspect his back was overwhelming.
As Jesse stepped up to the counter, the cashier adjusted her black hat
and blushed. Jesse smiled kindly at her and gestured at the board as he
ordered. Jesse was back to being the nice guy. The helpful guy who held
doors open for people and was always willing to lend a helping hand. No
one would believe that he had an explosive temper, one that could ignite
without warning. Thinking of the hunger in his gaze as he pinned her to the
bed made her clamp her legs together and slant them to the side as her core
pulsed. He’d been ruthless yesterday. Determined. She was still having
trouble believing it happened. There was no visible mark on her to prove it
hadn’t been a bizarre figment of her imagination, but her mark on him was
irrefutable proof of the intense battle they’d waged.
Jesse set his drink on the table and cocked his head to the side. “What?”
She bit her lip and gestured for him to sit before she reached out and
gingerly touched his neck. She traced the mark, knowing he’d bled for it to
still be there today.
“Did anyone say anything about your neck?”
“No.”
“There’s,” she swallowed nervously, “marks.”
He held her gaze as he rolled his shoulders. “That’s not the only one.”
“I’m sorry.”
“I deserved it.”
She flicked water droplets from her sweating can of iced tea. “It must
hurt.”
“It was worth it.”
She looked away as her heart lurched into her throat.
“Vi.”
Reluctantly, she looked back at him.
“Have you heard from Tucker?”
She shook her head.
He nodded, apparently satisfied.
“I was thinking of texting him we’re over, but I’d rather talk to him in
person.”
“He knows.”
“Still.”
Jesse opened his mouth to argue, but the cashier called his name. Violet
shook her head as the girl fussed over him before handing over a bag with
their food. As Jesse turned, he headed toward the door. Surprised, Violet got
up and followed him.
“I thought we were going to eat here.”
“I know a better place,” he said.
She thought he was going to stay in the school’s vicinity. To her
surprise, he drove quite a way before pulling into a deserted park.
“Where are we?”
“I come here to run on the trail.”
She frowned. “When do you come here?”
“During lunch or after school if you catch a ride home with someone.
It’s out of the way, so it’s rarely crowded.”
“It’s nice,” she said as she handed over his massive burrito.
They ate in companionable silence, taking in the squirrels, birds, and a
lone jogger that passed. When she finished her food, she tossed her trash in
the plastic bag, sat back, and closed her eyes. She raised her face to the cool
breeze that came through both of their open windows and let out a long
sigh.
She thought her life had turned upside down, but what had really
changed? She and Jesse were okay. She assessed the vibes in the car and
detected nothing bad. There had been tension between them when she
started dating, but now it was gone.
She had enjoyed Tucker, but wasn’t upset about breaking up with him,
which reaffirmed that she had been scratching an itch that no longer existed.
The only thing she’d lost was her innocence, and girls lost that every day.
Not to their stepbrother, but there was no erasing that fact. It would never
happen again, so there was no sense in bemoaning the series of unfortunate
events that resulted in her and Jesse having sex. In retrospect, insisting that
she knew what she wanted and that she was old enough to experiment had
contributed to Jesse losing control. He hadn’t meant to go that far. Maybe
he meant to teach her a lesson that had spiraled out of control?
“Vi.”
She turned toward his voice with her eyes still closed. The last thing she
expected was to feel his lips on hers. Her eyes flew open, and she
straightened in her seat.
“Jesse, what…?”
He brushed his mouth against hers lightly, teasingly. She blinked,
befuddled and alarmed by the spurt of heat that shot through her body.
“Don’t think,” he said against her lips. “Just feel.”
“But…”
He cut her off as he covered her mouth with his. She didn’t have a
chance to think. His lips on hers short-circuited her brain. The tingling
numbness that came upon her during his midnight visits engulfed her.
Jesse’s response to her paralysis was to deepen the kiss and replace the chill
with scorching heat. She tried to mentally detach from what was happening,
but the feelings he evoked wouldn’t allow it. They lured her in and bathed
her in sensation. When she whimpered, he broke the kiss to nuzzle her
affectionately.
“It’s okay, baby,” he cooed. “I’m not going to hurt you.”
She gripped his wrist as she tried to catch her breath. “I know that, but
we can’t—”
He brushed his thumb along the apple of her cheek. “There’s a time for
denial and a time for acceptance.”
His spin on the scripture Dad had shared this morning made her heart
skip.
“A time for restraint and a time to indulge.” Jesse kissed the corner of
her mouth. “It’s our time, Violet. Stop thinking and feel.” He brushed his
lips against hers. “Open your mouth.”
She parted her lips before she thought better of it. Jesse didn’t give her
time to change her mind. He took advantage of her obedience and sank his
tongue into her mouth before he clasped her nape and drew her over the
console, ignoring the fluttering hand she placed on his chest.
He kissed her with an absorption that made everything else cease to
exist. She was lost in a maelstrom of feeling. She had never experienced
anything like it. There was tenderness, desire, and a desperate urgency that
seeped from him to her.
There was no thought of consequences or right and wrong. There was
only mounting desire and the overwhelming need to do something about it.
When Jesse finally drew away, she clutched at him because she felt like
she was teetering on the edge of a precipice. It took her a second to
remember where they were, since she’d completely lost touch with her
surroundings.
Jesse searched her eyes and cupped her flushed cheek. “You feel it,
don’t you?”
She swallowed hard, nodded. She thought she saw a flash of relief
before he rested his forehead against hers.
“After school, I’ll take care of us, okay?”
When she didn’t respond, he tensed. He cupped her chin and searched
her glazed eyes.
“After school,” he repeated, voice dropping as his temper ignited. “You
with me?”
“Yes.”
He gave her a hard kiss before he pulled back. “Don’t think.”
As he turned the key in the ignition, she faced forward and dazedly
fastened her seat belt. Thinking was beyond her at the moment.
Neither of them said a word as Jesse raced back to campus. They pulled
into the parking lot as the second bell that signaled they should already be
in class rang. As she bailed out and prepared to run to class, Jesse called,
“Vi!”
She pivoted to face him.
“You with me?”
He had an odd look on his face she couldn’t interpret and didn’t have
time to decipher because she was late.
“Yes,” she shouted, exasperated, before she took off.

JESSE.
“Is it true?”
Jesse looked up from his notebook to find Blaine, Anton, and Brody in
front of his desk. They were staring at him avidly as if… He straightened
and crossed his arms over his chest as he leaned back in his chair. “Is what
true?”
“That you beat up Tucker?” Blaine blurted and got elbowed by Anton.
Jesse narrowed his eyes. “Where’d you hear that?”
“One of the guys in Tucker’s band said you jumped him in the parking
lot after school yesterday. Did you?”
Brody eyed Jesse’s bruised, swollen knuckles and drawled, “That’s what
I would have done if I heard the nasty rumors he was spreading about my
sister. Me and some of the boys were thinking of kicking Tucker’s ass,
regardless of whether it’s true or not.”
“It’s not true,” Jesse snapped.
“It isn’t?” Blaine asked and took a step back as Jesse shot to his seat.
“Violet never slept with him.” The memory of him claiming her
virginity made his dick twitch. He sat before any of them noticed he was
getting an erection. “She’s breaking up with him.”
“Because she heard what he said about her?”
“No,” he growled and fixed them with a level look. “She came to the
conclusion that he’s a dick all on her own. I don’t want her to hear what
Tucker said about her. It’ll just upset her.”
“How are you going to stop her from hearing about it? It’s all over
school.”
“By countering it with the truth. She wouldn’t sleep with him, so Tucker
started that rumor to ruin her reputation. It’s as simple as that.”
Anton and Blaine glanced at one another before they left to spread the
word, leaving Brody behind.
“I would have had your back if you asked me to come with you,” Brody
said.
“I know.”
“Coach Rick was pissed you took off like that.”
“I apologized to him this morning.”
“How much damage did you do?”
Jesse flexed his sore hand. “Enough. I wanted to do more, but it’s
probably best I didn’t. He’d be in the hospital, otherwise. He’ll think twice
before he pulls a stupid stunt like that with Violet or any other girl.”
Brody shook his head. “I hope Violet learned her lesson, but I have a
feeling she didn’t. What does she see in these losers?”
He had no idea, but if he had any say in it, Tucker would be the last guy
she ever dated.
Brody filled him in on what he missed at practice yesterday and their
upcoming game before he was cut off by their teacher, who called their
attention to the board. As Brody took his seat, Jesse slouched in his chair
and stared at the clock.
Why the hell had he brought them back to school? He should have taken
Violet home. Giving her two class periods to think was dangerous. The last
time he thought they were on the same page, she started dating Tobias. He
wouldn’t stand aside this time. He couldn’t. Not after having her. Not after
being inside her. Not when he was so close to having all of her.
He felt like he was walking a tightrope. He was afraid of coming on too
strong and scaring her or giving her too much space, allowing her to come
up with more obstacles to throw in his path.
For four months, he’d been forced to watch her date the most
bewildering lineup of guys imaginable. They were the bottom of the barrel,
the invisible one’s other girls dismissed without question. Even his friends
grumbled about her bad taste and asked him why he allowed it, but Violet
was deaf to anyone’s advice. He knew it would be difficult to see her with
Tobias. Little did he know, he was just the first, with each guy getting
progressively worse until Tucker came along.
Tucker was the only one bold enough to kiss and pet Violet in front of
him. The sight made him physically ill. He suspected Tucker did it
deliberately to see if he would do anything. He wanted to, but he didn’t
want to give Violet any more reason to avoid him as she’d done all summer,
and she’d seemed genuinely happy. The only thing that kept him sane was
believing she wouldn’t go beyond chaste kisses.
His aggression in sports had increased. He did his best to fill his days
with as much activity as possible. At night, he staked his claim in the only
way he could. They never had a replay of Violet touching herself or waking
up when he was in her room, though he’d done his best to make that
happen.
The need to check on her was hammering at him. She said she was with
him, but what if she changed her mind again? He dragged his sneakers
restlessly across the floor as his heartbeat accelerated. Then he would find a
way to change it back again.
The fact that she joined him for lunch was a good sign. It had been a
calculated risk to kiss her at the park. She’d been shocked and resistant at
first. He kept his kisses light, almost teasing to draw her in. It didn’t take
long for her to respond and then came that sweet acquiescence that frayed
his control. He had to stop, or he would have taken her right there in the car.
Her look of dazed pleasure was one he intended to see often.
Violet wanted him, but she didn’t want to want him. She’d done her best
to keep their relationship platonic, but yesterday he broke through. He
wasn’t going to let her withdraw. She was just as susceptible to their
chemistry as he was. He’d chain her to him with bonds of the flesh and
fulfill sexual desires she tried to keep hidden. She so badly wanted to be a
good girl, but she wasn’t, just like there was another side to his wholesome
facade. He had to destroy Violet’s image of him as her brother and make her
see him as a man. He would make her love him, regardless of the title he
carried.
Eight minutes left.
Mom finished work in an hour and a half, maybe two hours. Dad had
the day off, but mentioned he was helping someone from church and
wouldn’t be back until dinner. They would have the house to themselves.
Would Violet let him touch her? If she allowed him another chance between
her thighs, he wouldn’t waste it.
He lifted his hat to comb his fingers through his hair and touched the
back of his neck where she’d left her mark. He took a picture of his back in
the mirror last night, mesmerized by the chaotic pattern she’d created,
which would fade all too soon. Under other circumstances, he would have
loved showing off her brands in the locker room, but he couldn’t afford
rumors to spread when he was supposedly single, so he would have to be
mindful of such things in the future.
The teacher eyed him but made no comment as he rose and slung his
backpack over one shoulder. He was halfway to the door before the bell
rang, signaling school was over. Blaine called his name, but he didn’t stop.
He briefly debated whether he should go to Violet’s class or wait by the car,
but he didn’t want to risk missing her. In the end, he headed to the parking
lot.
He leaned against the SUV and searched the crowd for Violet or her
friends from her last class. Minutes passed. He was about to go hunting
when he saw Violet crossing the parking lot with Lettie. His fears
evaporated when Violet made eye contact and gave him a smile. His heart
thundered in his ears as she said goodbye to her friend and made her way
over.
He waited until she had hopped into the SUV before he climbed behind
the steering wheel. Violet stared straight ahead with her hands clasped in
her lap. Nervous, he deduced, but he could work with that. She hadn’t run
or gone into another bout of denial. She came to him. That’s all that
mattered.
The adrenaline rush made it difficult to concentrate. Please may Mom
and Dad not be home, he silently chanted. When he pulled into the
driveway, he opened the garage to make sure their parent’s cars were
missing and said a prayer of thanks when he saw they were gone. He turned
toward Violet with a silly grin, but she was already closing the passenger
door and heading to the house. He’d spent the drive running all sorts of
scenarios through his head and hadn’t said one word to her.
He jogged after Violet and caught a glimpse of her heading down the
hallway. He checked to make sure they were truly alone before he stood in
the open doorway to her bedroom. She took out her binder and set it on the
desk. The sight of her trembling hands reminded him that he needed to tread
carefully.
“Vi.”
“Hmm?”
“Look at me.”
She went motionless. The long silence and sudden awkwardness that
filled the air made him move quickly. He let his backpack drop to the
ground and strode toward her. He clasped her face and gently lifted it.
“Violet.”
Her lashes lifted, revealing her eyes had turned green, a sure sign that
she felt conflicted. He leaned down and rested his forehead on hers.
“It’s me, Violet.”
“I know,” she rasped. “But this is so…” Her eyes glistened with tears.
Declarations she wasn’t ready to hear clogged his throat. He swallowed
them and murmured, “Do you trust me?”
She blinked, the question clearly taking her by surprise before she
nodded. A tear hovered on her lower lashes. He brushed it away before it
could fall. Tears had no place here unless it was tears of joy.
“I won’t hurt you,” he promised.
“I know.”
He covered her mouth with his and felt her jolt, but she didn’t try to
break away. Encouraged, he tilted his head to deepen the kiss. When her
mouth tentatively parted, he immediately accepted the invitation. She tasted
of bubble gum and iced tea. She was more addicting than German chocolate
cake.
He backed her against the wall, hands sliding from her face into her
hair. He angled her head the way he wanted and claimed her mouth.
“Kiss me back,” he breathed.
She was passively allowing him to do what he wanted, but he wanted
her active participation. Demanded it, in fact. Violet had matured from the
impulsive wild child he met at fourteen, but her true nature still lurked
beneath the surface. He didn’t want just the sweet parts of her. He wanted
the competitive savage who would do anything to win and the warrior who
marked up his back. He wanted the vulnerable, lonely girl who had
unabashedly claimed him as her friend the moment they met. And he
wanted the dirty girl who had touched herself and masturbated right along
with him. She was holding back, and he wasn’t going to allow it.
He brushed kisses along her jaw. “How does this feel?”
She swayed as he sucked on her earlobe.
“Tell me,” he growled and squeezed her hip to beckon her out of her
head.
“It feels good,” she said so quietly, he wouldn’t have been able to hear
her if he wasn’t pressed against her.
“And this?”
When he put his hand on her breast, she went very still.
“How does this feel?” he pushed.
“Um…”
When his thumb brushed over her nipple, her stifled gasp was music to
his ears.
“How does this make you feel, Vi?”
“Hot,” she said in a strangled tone.
“And this?”
He placed a wet kiss on her neck and felt her body vibrating under his
hands.
“Makes me weak,” she whispered.
That’s all he needed to know. He stepped back. Immediately, her nerves
came back, but he didn’t give her time to get her defenses in place. He
crouched and hoisted her over his shoulder.
“Jesse?”
He didn’t answer her because it was taking all his discipline not to toss
her on the floor and sink himself inside her.
He closed her door to the bathroom. If their parents came home and saw
his bedroom door closed, they wouldn’t think anything of it. If they went to
Violet’s room and saw the bathroom door closed, they would assume she
was in there. It would buy them a few minutes to get themselves situated if
they needed it. Also, he wanted her in his bed. Tonight, he would go to
sleep not just with the memories of what they were about to do, but the
physical proof soaked in his sheets. He couldn’t wait.
He set her on the edge of his bed. She looked up at him, clearly unsure,
but battling it back for him. Humbled, he leaned down and kissed her
forehead. When she closed her eyes and kept her face turned up to him like
a flower seeking the sun, his heart melted. He ignored the demands of his
body as he stroked her rigid back and kissed every inch of her face until she
was completely relaxed.
“Arms up,” he said quietly.
Her eyelids lifted. Green eyes surveyed him for a moment before she
obeyed. The blast of triumph that ripped through him caused his hands to
shake. He grasped the bottom of her shirt and lifted it, uncovering every
exquisite inch of her. She held his gaze for a moment before she blushed
and raised her hands to cover her breasts, encased in baby blue satin.
“No, don’t do that,” he admonished, twining their fingers together and
holding her arms wide so he could take her in.
“Jesse!” she protested, twisting and hunching in an attempt to hide her
bare upper half.
He couldn’t believe she was self-conscious about her body. She was
gorgeous.
“I don’t think,” she began.
To squash her nerves and rising panic, he flattened her on the bed and
took her mouth to stop the words he didn’t want to hear. To his surprise, she
kissed him back with a fervor that made his dick throb. She was channeling
her anxiety into sexual aggression, which was just fine with him. But he
underestimated the effect her enthusiasm had on him. She was setting him
alight! He detached their mouths and moved down her body so he could
retain some semblance of control. He wanted this to last, and he was
determined to examine her body.
He kissed his way down her neck, inhaling her heavenly scent. As his
tongue traced her collarbone, she quivered and then went lax beneath him.
Her breasts were so sensitive, even lightly nuzzling them made her squirm
and gasp. When he slid even further down, hands smoothing along her
sides, he suddenly stopped and buried his face against her quivering
stomach, unable to believe this was really happening.
Her fingers sank into his hair. “Jesse?”
Emotion swelled in his chest, making his eyes sting. He lifted his head
and looked up the length of her body. As their eyes met, hers flared before
her expression softened. She didn’t say a word as she stroked his cheek.
Time stalled as their spirits realigned with one another. This was meant to
be. Did she feel the rightness of it? There was just him and her. It wasn’t
just sex, though desire plagued him night and day. Their connection was
magnetic, an unstoppable force. She was the moon, and he was the ocean,
obeying her push and pull—forcing him to withdraw or flood the shore. He
was defenseless against her, a slave to the bond that snapped into place at
fourteen. She was everything to him, but did she feel the same? He turned
his head and kissed her palm. He would show her how much she meant to
him; how much he adored her. No one would ever love her more than he
did. It was time to prove it.
He continued his reverent exploration. He gripped her tiny waist as his
lips dragged over the silky skin of her stomach before tracing her hipbones
with his tongue. When he undid the button of her jeans and pulled down the
zipper, she stopped breathing. Discovering she wore matching underwear
made his mouth water. He took off her shoes and socks and when he tugged
on her pants, Violet hesitated before she lifted her ass, allowing him to drag
them off.
He knelt at the foot of the bed with Violet splayed out before him, clad
in just a bra and panties. He saw her naked yesterday, but he hadn’t been
able to admire her. Now, he did.
God took his time with her. Her face alone was portrait-worthy, but her
body surpassed those he’d seen in movies, magazines, or TV. Nothing
compared to flesh and blood. She had breasts that he now knew fit perfectly
in his hand, a small waist, wide hips, and thighs that some guys would have
labeled as too thick, but he loved them. They were feminine, muscular, and
strong. Her skin was still tan from the summer.
As his hand brushed over her satin covered mound, she clamped her
thighs together. His lips quirked as he kissed the tops of her thighs to coax
them to part while he massaged her calves.
He’d been fantasizing about this for over a year. After jacking off with
her underwear and trying to lap up what she left behind, he could now
partake directly from the source. He intended to go slow. To savor and
seduce, but the smell of her arousal made him salivate.
“Come on, baby. Spread your legs for me. I need to taste you,” he said
hoarsely.
“Taste what?” Violet demanded, bracing herself on her elbows to gawk
at him.
“You liked my fingers in you?”
She bit her lip when his thumb dipped between her thighs.
“Did you?” he demanded
“Yes.”
“You’re going to like my mouth on you even more.”
“What? No way!”
He gripped her waist to stop her from scooting up in bed. “It’ll be good,
I promise.”
“That’s gross! Why would you even want to…? My answer’s no!”
When she started to struggle, his shaky control snapped. He yanked the
drenched underwear down and off. When he pried her legs apart, she sat up,
her cheeks flushed with mortification and anger.
“Jesse, don’t you dare—”
Her voice cut out as he put his mouth on her. The vibrant taste of her
burst on his tongue. Stealing her underwear versus being between her thighs
was like someone describing what a dish tasted like rather than sampling it
himself. There was no comparison, and he was starved. He ignored her
panicked voice and fluttering hands that pushed at his head and smacked his
shoulders. He wasn’t going anywhere.
He’d never done this before, so it took him a while to figure out what he
was doing, but he figured he was on the right track when she let out a
strangled shriek and fell back on the bed.
“Oh my God, please stop,” she begged.
He had no intention of stopping, not when he was finally drinking
nectar straight from her, as God had intended. He was mesmerized by the
rolling movements of her body and loved the tortured, helpless sounds she
made. He drowned himself in her and rode her restless hips.
Violet threatened, begged, then sobbed as she yanked at his sheets, lost
in the throes. He watched her fight her orgasm and him, but in the end, had
no choice but to surrender. When she climaxed, her piercing scream hurt his
eardrums. When her slick walls contracted, he slid his finger in to give her
pussy something to grip onto.
When her orgasm passed, she tried to turn on her side to get away from
his mouth and pushed at him with weak, shaky hands.
“Please, Jesse. I can’t take anymore.”
“I’m almost done,” he soothed.
He finally stopped not because he was satisfied, but because he was
ready to burst. He shot to his feet, shucked his shirt and shoved down his
underwear and jeans. He didn’t have the patience to kick off his shoes or
step out of his pants but leaned forward and slid inside her. Violet moaned
as he penetrated her tight channel. Her eyes flashed open as he kissed her,
forcing her to taste herself. She tried to turn away, but he wouldn’t let her.
“You’re perfect,” he panted. “The best thing I’ve ever tasted. I’ll never
get enough.”
She bared her teeth as he sheathed himself.
“How does it feel to have me inside you?” he said harshly.
“Incredible,” she breathed, wrapping her arms and legs around him,
taking him even deeper and running her hands over him.
He jerked as if she’d put her mouth on his cock. “Vi, don’t...”
Eyelashes wet from tears she’d wept in ecstasy, lifted as she glared at
him. “So, you can touch me, but I can’t touch you?”
“I’m going to come.”
She licked his lip. “So, come.”
That’s all it took. He spilled at her command, just from the wonder of
being inside her. He slumped on top of her and buried his face in his sheets,
groaning that he hadn’t lasted. But it was difficult to be truly disappointed
with Violet beneath him and her fingertips caressing his skin.
“I didn’t know,” she whispered.
“Know what?” he muttered.
“That people put their mouths…”
As her inner muscles fluttered around his dick, he raised his head to
look down at her. Her eyes were glassy from her orgasm and despite all
they’d done, she still looked a little embarrassed.
“You didn’t know about oral sex?”
She shook her head, eyes wide.
“We’re gonna do it often,” he stated, brushing his lips over hers.
“We are?”
Detecting the eagerness she tried to conceal, his mouth curved. “Yeah.”
When she squirmed, he raised a brow. “Want me to do it again?”
Her cheeks bloomed with color. “No!” she said adamantly, but her body
said otherwise.
Violet wasn’t a good girl, thank God. His dick twitched with renewed
life.
“Jesse.”
Her tone warned him before he saw the uncertainty creeping back.
“I don’t know if we should…”
“Do you like what I do to you?” he interrupted.
She blinked. “I…”
“It’s a yes or no answer.”
When her eyes slid away, his heart stopped.
“Violet.” He cupped her cheek to get her attention. “Tell me you like
what I do to you.”
“I do, but…”
He thought they were of one mind, but she was slipping away while he
was still inside her. How could she not realize what was between them was
a gift, not a curse? He instinctively knew it would never be like this with
anyone else. She was it for him. Why didn’t she realize that? Terror that he
would lose her stoked the ashes of his temper.
“We don’t have to make any decisions right now or share what’s
happening between us. We have time to explore each other and just be.” He
searched her eyes. “Have you felt this way with anyone else?”
She shook her head. The relief that passed through him made him drop
his forehead on hers. He wasn’t alone in this. She may not be ready to
commit to forever, but she was willing to let him in. For now, that’s all that
mattered. Everything would fall into place. He would reel her in so gently,
she wouldn’t realize she’d been caught until it was too late.
“What we have is special, once in a lifetime. It would be a crime to
ignore it.”
Her vulnerable expression altered, became impish. “Crime?”
He tugged on her bra, so her breast popped out. “A serious crime.”
He was done talking about this. There were far more important things to
do, like pay homage to her neglected breasts. Her expressive face was such
a turn on. She couldn’t conceal her reaction to what he was doing to her. He
hardened inside of her and soon, was grinding against her.
“Kiss me,” he ordered.
She pressed her mouth to his. At his gruff encouragement, she grew
bolder and more confident. When her tongue darted into his mouth, he
groaned.
“Yes, that’s what I want. Give it to me.”
This time, she was with him every step of the way. The air was
permeated with the smell of sweat, sex, and her unique blend of violets and
rose. She quickly picked up his rhythm. He raised his head to look down at
her. Her hair was spread over his sheets, she was clutching at him with both
hands, and her breasts were bouncing with each thrust. Her eyes were
bleeding back to hazel. She was flushed with passion. She held on to him as
if she were afraid of being tossed into the abyss. She stared at him with a
mixture of fear, wonder, and need. He got off on all of it.
When he felt himself getting close, he rubbed her clitoris, wanting her
to come with him.
“Tell me how this feels,” he said against her lips.
Her eyes fluttered shut. “It feels…” She flinched and clutched at his
biceps as her hips bucked against his hand. “Like I’ll die if I don’t… Oh,
God. Jesse.”
Saying his name in that thready tone made him giddy. “Say it again.”
“Oh my God.”
“My name,” he growled and stopped his ministrations so she would
give him what he wanted.
Her eyes opened, stormy green chasing away the hazel. “Jesse.”
“Jesse, what?” He couldn’t resist teasing her when he was between her
legs and his fingers were slipping through honey that was all for him.
“I want…”
She didn’t bother finishing her sentence but brushed his hand aside and
took over the motion he’d been doing.
He was stunned for a moment as one of his fantasies materialized right
before his eyes. “That’s my girl. Make yourself come.”
“Jesse,” she breathed before she convulsed.
He ground against that bundle of nerves, prolonging her climax as she
wrapped her arms around him and shuddered like a survivor being rescued
from a shipwreck. This time, it took him longer to come. He set a decent
pace and when he finally orgasmed, he was out of breath and immensely
pleased. He collapsed on top of her, but made sure to move his top half to
the side so he wouldn’t smother her.
He was sated to his bones, and a had a feeling that Violet was finally on
the same wavelength. She was completely relaxed beneath him, the
physical exertion calming her overactive mind.
A few minutes passed before he reluctantly peered at the clock. Damn
it. He wished they could stay like this for days, but life was still chugging
along, propelling them forward.
When he forced himself up and knelt on the bed, Violet gave him a
quizzical look, which turned indignant when he unceremoniously spread
her legs.
“Jesse!”
Her mortified tone made him grin, but his eyes were on his semen that
spilled from her. Prompted by some primitive instinct, he pushed it back in
and, when it poured out again, spread it over her skin. He wanted her
covered in him. Thankfully, she didn’t fight it. She watched him from
beneath half lowered lids until he regretfully noticed the time again.
“If we’re lucky, we have about ten minutes before Mom comes home,”
he announced.
“What?”
He wasn’t surprised when she jackknifed up and ran to the bathroom.
He finally kicked off his clothes and stretched out on the bed. He
considered joining Violet in the shower, but had a feeling she wouldn’t like
that. He closed his eyes and drifted with a smile on his face. His dreams
were finally coming true.

VIOLET.
3 DAYS LATER.
Violet put the finishing touches on her makeup before she backed
up to take in her appearance in the bathroom mirror. For church, she donned
a dress she normally reserved for special occasions. The dress ended at midthigh, which Dad wouldn’t like, but the length was counterbalanced by the
long sleeves and modest neckline. She gave the tiered skirt a swish,
admiring the ruffle detail that in the past made her feel silly. But her
mindset had shifted over the past few days. She had never been more aware
of her femininity and for the first time in her life, she was fully embracing
it.
She slid the heart pendant that Mom and Dad had gifted her on her
sixteenth birthday back and forth along the fine gold chain as she eyed her
reflection. Last week she attended church as a virgin and this week, she
returned with more sexual experience than anyone who had been initiated
four days ago should. But Jesse wasn’t just an overachiever in sports and
academics. She’d known from his nightly visits that he had a high sex drive,
but the physical reality was another thing entirely.
When they attended school on Friday, she did her best to act normal.
She thought she was doing a good job until she caught the odd look Marissa
was giving Jesse. She glanced at him and found that he wasn’t listening to
the conversation but focused completely on her. The make out session on
the way to school had been brief and unfulfilling, and Jesse was clearly still
feeling the effects of it. One look at his heated gaze was all it took for her to
get embarrassingly damp. He was going to give them away! She promptly
excused herself from the group and managed to avoid him until lunch, when
he yanked her into an empty classroom.
“Why aren’t you answering my messages?” he demanded.
“I think we should steer clear of each another until things calm down.”
He cocked his head to the side. “Calm down?”
She was too embarrassed to bring up the way he’d been looking at her
earlier, so she gestured to her hard nipples, which were aching for the
attention he paid them the previous day. The connection between them had
always been strong, but now it was tuned to a frequency so raw and
sensitive, it was difficult to be around each other without touching. Last
night at dinner, they studiously avoided eye contact. Watching TV together
was out of the question. Jesse expended energy by shooting hoops on the
driveway with Dad, while she went to her bedroom to give her
overstimulated senses a break.
“I need some time to adjust. This is a lot.” That was a vast
understatement, but it was the best she could come up with when Jesse was
looking at her like he wanted to eat her alive. Her unfettered response
would have been embarrassing if it wasn’t obvious that Jesse wanted her
just as much.
“I’ll give you space after,” Jesse said.
She frowned. “After what?”
He’d shoved her into a janitor’s closet for some heavy petting. At some
point, he put her hand on him. She got the hang of it quickly. It wasn’t long
before he begged her to put him in her mouth. Remembering how much
pleasure she got from him going down on her yesterday, she was eager to
make him feel the same.
He whispered what he wanted her to do, and she accomplished her goal
as the bell sounded, signaling lunch was over. Despite her worries about
being caught, Jesse turned on the light to watch her swallow and lapped up
what spilled over. When she tried to leave, he pinned her against the wall
and French kissed her until she was dizzy before allowing her to go to class.
Jesse had a football game that evening. She rode to and from the game
with Mom and Dad, while Jesse caught a ride home with a teammate. When
he came into her bedroom, high on his win, and tried to kiss her, she
freaked out.
“You can’t do that when Mom and Dad are home!” she said,
scandalized.
“Fine. Tomorrow.”
She didn’t know what he meant by that until he told Mom over
breakfast that they were going for a drive and then meeting up with friends
to see a movie. Mom smiled and told them to have fun.
“Who are we meeting up with?” Violet asked when she climbed into the
passenger seat.
“No one. I lied.”
“You did? Why?”
“I can’t tell Mom what we’re really going to do.”
Her heart thudded in her ears. “What are we going to do?”
His eyes glittered under heavy eyelids. “I guess you’ll find out, won’t
you?”
Part of Jesse’s lie was true. They went for a drive. To her surprise, he
drove out of the city limits. When Jesse got his license, they had practically
lived in the car, high on their newfound freedom. They thoroughly explored
the Texas Hill Country and neighboring quaint towns. This was a throwback
to a simpler time. She didn’t say so, but she was relieved to get away from
home and the constant fear of being discovered. She hadn’t realized she
needed a time-out from the rest of the world, but Jesse delivered without
being asked.
She spoke very little during the nearly two-hour drive. Her mind still
struggled to process everything that had happened in the past few days and
the potent sexual chemistry that strummed her nerve endings. She was
pleasantly surprised when Jesse pulled up to a beautiful lake and delighted
when he pulled a thick blanket and cooler from the trunk. Beneath the shade
of some trees, they had a picnic. They lounged on the blanket, chatting
about everything and nothing as they ate and gazed at the water.
It seemed inevitable that Jesse would touch her and that she would lift
her face for the kiss she’d denied him the night before. He lowered her to
the blanket and drowned her in sensuality. There was no thought of denying
him or herself. He told her not to think, and she wasn’t. That was beyond
her. Her principles and sense of propriety were lost in the undertow of a
passion that overpowered all else.
Jesse was irresistible. Playful, indulgent, generous, persistent. He
seemed intent on giving her as much pleasure as possible and was painfully
fascinated with her body. She felt the same, though Jesse had to come twice
before he allowed her to explore him as thoroughly as he had her. The day
passed by too quickly, and before she knew it, they were heading home.
Dinner passed in a lust-hazed fog, but she came to when Mom cupped
her flushed cheek and said, “It looks like you got some sun. Did you have
fun today?”
“Lots,” Jesse answered for her.
She didn’t have to look at him to know he wore a broad grin. She
resisted the urge to kick him under the table and avoided looking at Dad.
“What movie did you see?” Mom asked.
She felt a burst of alarm that was immediately canceled out by Jesse,
who said, “We ended up driving further than we anticipated. The spot on the
lake was so nice, we thought it would be a shame to leave after only an
hour, so we stayed and canceled our other plans.”
She was grateful yet taken aback by his glib tongue. When had Jesse
become such a proficient liar?
The door to her left opened, bringing Violet out of her reverie. Jesse
stepped into the bathroom, dressed in gray slacks and a black button-up
shirt for church. He went motionless when he spotted her. As his eyes
moved over her, she grinned and did a spin so he could get the full effect.
When she stopped, she saw Jesse had closed his door and was undoing his
belt.
Her heart leapt in treacherous anticipation, even as she blanched. “What
are you doing?”
“What does it look like?”
She took a step toward the safety of her bedroom. “I told you; I’m not
doing anything while Mom and Dad are around!”
“They’re eating breakfast.”
“I don’t care!” she hissed.
She tried to escape into the safety of her bedroom, but he wrapped an
arm around her middle, pulling her back while firmly closing her door.
“Jesse,” she groaned as he turned her to face him and backed her up to
the vanity. “We can’t.”
“Don’t you want me?” he asked huskily.
She wanted him so badly, it scared her. “We’re going to church!”
“That’s not what I asked you.”
He cupped her jaw, his piercing blue eyes making her stomach jitter.
The way he focused on her as if there were no one else in the world was
thrilling and unnerving. Did he start out this intense with every girl he was
with? The stab of jealousy gave her the strength to yank her chin out of his
hold. He frowned, but didn’t back off.
“Tell me you want me.”
“I do, but—”
He gave her a hard kiss. “That’s all I need to hear, baby.”
She was distracted by the endearment, which he’d uttered a handful of
times. The first time she heard it was when he apologized for ruthlessly
taking her virginity. She loved the soft, tender way he said it. Had he called
all his girlfriends, baby? Even as she pondered this, Jesse knelt at her feet,
pulled her dress up, and kissed her over her underwear. Her toes curled, and
her blood thickened as desire snaked through her veins.
“You can’t,” she croaked.
“I can,” he said simply, and with one tug had her underwear dropping to
her ankle boots. “Hold this.”
She obeyed automatically, holding her skirt out of his way before she
belatedly tried to sidestep. “Mom and Dad…”
“Are occupied,” he said as he draped one of her legs on his shoulder.
“Like we’re about to be.”
Even as she braced herself against the vanity, she made one last token
resistance. “Jesse, I don’t think we should…”
“Shh, baby, we don’t have much time.”
Her lungs seized as his tongue slid through her folds. Two days ago, she
wouldn’t let him kiss her, and now she was letting him go down on her with
their parents just a few rooms away. This wasn’t right. It was disrespectful
and immoral and wicked and… Her legs quivered as his tongue feathered
over her clitoris. It was also mind-numbingly pleasurable and felt too good
to stop.
“Ungh.”
The garbled sound escaped as she rocked against his mouth. There was
no self-consciousness. Not after what they’d done yesterday. Jesse made it
clear that he loved her response and didn’t want her to hold back. She
couldn’t if she wanted to. He fanned an inferno inside of her. Needs she
didn’t know she possessed and a soul deep hunger she worried would never
be satisfied.
She looked down and saw Jesse watching her. The way he catalogued
every hitch in her breath, every muscle twitch, unsettled her. Already, he
knew so much more about her body than she did. What made her cave, what
made her crazy, what made her sob. It still made her stomach dip when she
locked eyes with him. Part of her still couldn’t believe they were doing this.
The other half wept with joy.
She ran her fingers through his hair and saw his eyelids droop in
ecstasy. It amazed her how little it took for him. He was a natural sensualist.
Uninhibited, unashamed, eager to please, and be pleased. It was a wonder
he’d been single for four months. He was famished and she was reaping the
rewards.
She clutched his hair and tipped her face up to the bright lights as she
prepared to have her world blasted apart.
“Jesse!”
The sound of Dad’s angry voice coming from Jesse’s bedroom startled
her so badly, she would have fallen if Jesse hadn’t steadied her.
“Isaac, for God’s sake,” Lynne protested. “You’re going to wake the
whole neighborhood. Calm down. We don’t know all the facts. Let’s just
see what they say.”
“They haven’t said anything,” Dad retorted. “And I’m getting to the
bottom of this right now.”
She swung her leg off Jesse’s shoulder and backed away, eyes wide with
horror. Their parents couldn’t know, could they? As Jesse got to his feet,
wiping his mouth with the back of his sleeve, they heard her bedroom door
being flung open.
“Violet!”
She jumped and hastily locked the bathroom door in case Dad tried to
come in. He sounded pissed. What the hell happened?
“I’m in here, Dad.” She looked around frantically for her underwear,
snatched it off the floor, and pulled them on. “I’m getting dressed. What’s
going on?”
“Where’s Jesse?”
She stared at him as she lied. “I think he went outside for something.”
“I want to see you in the dining room. We need to talk.”
She and Jesse stared at one another as the sound of their parent’s voices
faded.
“They know,” Violet whispered and touched her throat, which felt like it
was beginning to swell.
Jesse looked thoughtful. “I don’t think so,” he said, as he buckled his
belt.
She couldn’t believe his blasé attitude. “What else could they be talking
about? I’ve never heard Dad yell like that in my life!”
Jesse clasped her face. “Whatever it is, we’ll deal with it together. We’re
going to be okay, I promise.”
His calm demeanor stopped her emotions from spiraling out of control.
She hauled in a deep, steadying breath and tried to think rationally. If Dad
had suspected they were intimate, he could have forced his way into the
bathroom and caught them red-handed. He hadn’t. Maybe Jesse was right,
and it was something else. Clinging to that slim hope, she asked, “What do
we do?”
“I’ll go out your window and come around to the front door.”
She pressed her ear to the door leading into her bedroom and walked in
to make sure the coast was clear. Her heart was in her throat as Jesse quietly
opened her window and climbed out. This was what their life had come to?
She shook her head and started for the hallway when she heard Jesse say,
“Morning, Mr. Davidson.”
She wheeled around as their neighbor replied, “Jesse, what are you
doing tending to the plants in your Sunday’s best?”
What else could go wrong? She was tempted to linger to hear Jesse’s
reply, but the distant murmur of her parent’s voices reminded her they were
waiting for her. Hands trembling, she started down the hallway and prayed
Jesse would hurry so whatever she was walking into, she wouldn’t have to
face alone.
The moment she entered the dining room; her parents fell silent. Dad’s
forbidding expression made her palms sweat. Mom looked troubled.
“What’s going on?” Violet asked.
“That what I want to know. Is there something you want to tell us?” Dad
asked.
It took everything she had not to wring her hands. Guilt and panic
clouded her mind, making it hard to think. She couldn’t hold Dad’s
intimidating stare, so she looked to Lynne for guidance. “I have no idea,
what…?”
“We just received a call,” Lynne said quietly. “Tucker’s in the hospital,
being treated for serious injuries we’re told were caused by Jesse. Do you
know anything about that?”
She mentally reeled. “Tucker’s in the hospital?”
“Yes,” Dad said tersely. “And I want to know why. The only reason
Jesse would have given Tucker such a beating is because of you. So, Vi,
what happened?”
Her rash behavior was coming back to haunt her. This was proof that no
one got away with anything. Would she have to admit that she let Tucker
touch her inappropriately and that’s how Jesse found them? Knowing how
upset and disappointed her parents would be made her eyes fill with tears.
“Oh, honey,” Lynne said sympathetically and started toward Violet, but
Dad held up a hand, stopping Lynne in her tracks.
“I need answers,” Dad said curtly. “We’ve been lenient with you two
because you’ve never given us any reason not to trust you, but I never
thought I’d get a call saying Jesse put someone in the hospital. Do you
know how serious this is? Tucker could press charges for assault!”
The blood drained from her face.
“Why did you break up with him?” Dad demanded. “Did he do
something to you? Is that why Jesse attacked him?”
She opened her mouth, but nothing came out. She had no idea what to
say. She willed Jesse to walk through the front door and jolted when Dad
slammed his fist on the table, rattling their empty plates and cups.
“I knew I shouldn’t have let you date that kid. He had trouble written all
over him. I thought you had enough discernment to break it off. Now, I hear
Jesse had to intervene on your behalf and beat him senseless. Do you have
any idea how serious this is? What the hell happened that would make
Jesse…?”
The front door opened. Jesse strolled in with his hands in pockets. She
had no doubt he’d gotten out of that sticky situation with Mr. Davidson just
fine. No one would suspect Jesse of doing anything immoral or unlawful,
especially when he was dressed so impeccably. Jesse scanned the room with
a benign expression, which vanished when his gaze landed on her
distraught face.
“What’s wrong?” he demanded.
“A lot at the moment,” Dad said, crossing his arms over his chest. “You
have a lot of explaining to do.”
“Okay, about what?” Jesse asked, showing no sign of discomfort or
guilt.
“About the call I just got saying you’re responsible for putting Tucker in
the hospital.”
Jesse stared at him for a moment before he asked, “When did he go to
the hospital?”
“Today.”
“For what?”
“A skull fracture, a nasty concussion, and a few other presents you gave
him.”
“But that happened on Wednesday. If Tucker was hurt so badly, why
wait so long to go to the hospital?”
“He thought the pain and dizziness would pass, but his parents finally
forced him to get checked out.”
“I-Is he going to be all right?” Violet asked, twisting her hands together.
“That hasn’t been decided yet,” Dad said testily. “And what I want to
know from both of you is why he isn’t all right.” Dad focused on Jesse.
“You want to explain yourself?”
There was a long silence before Jesse said, “I want to talk to you alone.”
Violet took a step toward him, hand extended to stop him from saying
anything.
“Stop right there,” Dad ordered and shot her a hard look. “Start talking
or go to your room.” He raised a brow. “What’s it going to be?”
She willed Jesse to look at her, to give her some clue about what he was
about to tell them, but his gaze didn’t waver from Dad. Why did he want to
talk to their parents alone? He wouldn’t make matters worse by talking
about them, would he? It was bad enough that her recklessness led to
Tucker being in the hospital. She didn’t need Dad to know she’d also kissed
Jesse, which led to her losing her virginity.
“Violet, go,” Dad said.
She lingered a moment longer but had no choice but to retreat. She
couldn’t say anything without possibly contradicting whatever story, or
truth, Jesse decided to tell. She walked to her bedroom, closed the door, and
eyed the window. For the first time in her life, she considered running away,
but that would be short-lived, embarrassing, and even more incriminating if
Jesse didn’t tell their parents everything.
She sank onto her bed and buried her face in her hands. Ten minutes
ago, she felt worldly, mature, and powerful. Now, she was terrified of what
repercussions lay in wait for her, Jesse, and Tucker.
What if Tucker sustained permanent brain damage? She had a flashback
of his head slamming into concrete. Even though she witnessed firsthand
the damage Jesse had inflicted, she hadn’t even texted Tucker to make sure
he was okay. Her only concern had been to break up with him once he
returned to school. What was wrong with her? Technically, she was still his
girlfriend, yet she hadn’t checked on him and had moved on with another
guy while he was recovering from his injuries.
Her only defense was that what happened between her and Jesse had
been such a shocking turn of events that it eclipsed what happened with
Tucker. So much so, she had completely dismissed him from her mind.
From Tucker’s point of view, Jesse had attacked him without provocation.
She had been willing, and then her overprotective brother beat the crap out
of him. If Tucker told his side of the story, Mom and Dad would hear about
the compromising position Jesse found her in.
Her stomach lurched. She shot to her feet and put her ear to the
bedroom door, but she couldn’t hear anything. What was Jesse telling them?
Why was it taking so long? Why was silence more ominous than shouting
and glass breaking? Were their parents in shock? Is that why she couldn’t
hear their reaction?
Consumed by the need to do something, she started organizing her
backpack and was so deep in her head, she didn’t hear the door open.
“Violet?”
She whirled to find Lynne peeking her head around the door.
“Are you ready for church?”
Lynne wasn’t smiling, but there was no sign that she’d been crying.
Lynne didn’t look horrified, disappointed, or revolted, just weary. That was
a good sign, wasn’t it?
“Yes, I’m ready.”
As Mom slipped back into the hallway, she dashed through the
bathroom to Jesse’s room, but he wasn’t there. She hurried down the
hallway only to find the living and dining room also empty. What the heck?
“They’re waiting for us in the car,” Mom said.
She opened her mouth to ask questions but thought better of it and
stayed quiet. She had to talk to Jesse first. She flew down the steps and saw
Dad behind the wheel of Mom’s car. She slipped into the back seat and
glanced at Jesse, but he was looking out the window, giving her no clue as
to what just happened. She buckled her seat belt and twisted her hand in the
folds of her dress as she waited for someone to announce her sentence.
They were several minutes away from church when Dad finally spoke.
“We got in touch with Tucker’s parents, and thankfully it seems like
there won’t be any long-term damage. Jesse offered to go to the hospital to
apologize, but they didn’t want him there. They’ve decided not to press
charges.” Dad’s hand cut through the air. “None of this is okay. Violence is
never the answer and with something this serious, we should have been told
instead of being blindsided with a call like that. I expected better from both
of you. As punishment for his actions, Jesse’s dropping out of football.”
She audibly gasped. Football was Jesse’s favorite sport, and he was one
of the best players on the team. Last year, they made it to the national
championship, and they were counting on Jesse to take them there again.
Football was sacred in Texas and ranked just a few notches below church.
She looked at Jesse for his reaction, but his face was still averted.
“Jesse claims that you weren’t involved.”
She looked in the rearview mirror. Although Dad wore sunglasses, she
felt the impact of his stare.
“I don’t believe that for a second. You’re the common denominator
here, and you break up with Tucker the day Jesse fights him?” Dad shook
his head. “I’m revoking your dating privileges. You aren’t allowed to date
for the rest of the school year. You also aren’t going out after school or on
weekends for the foreseeable future.”
Lynne reached across the console and gripped Dad’s arm. “Isaac.”
Dad smacked the steering wheel, clearly still aggravated. “No! I’m not
going to be lenient with her. I’ve done that far too much already and look
where that’s got us. If Tucker’s parents chose to press charges, Jesse could
have destroyed his future, all because he felt the need to defend his sister
from a guy I knew she shouldn’t have been with! I’ll be damned if Violet
turns out like her.”
Violet went rigid. He didn’t say her name. In fact, he never had, but she
knew exactly who he was referring to—the mother who left in the middle of
the night when she was two. To suggest that she was anything like the
selfish woman who had abandoned them hurt so badly, it stole her breath.
She turned her face toward the window so Dad wouldn’t see her face
crumple.
“Violet made a mistake,” Lynne said into the loaded silence. “And Jesse
made a mistake. They’ll be punished for keeping secrets, bad judgment, and
they’ll have to earn back our trust. It’s a blessing that Tucker and his parents
were so understanding. Let’s leave it at that.”
No one said another word as they pulled up to the church. Violet
stepped out of the car and fussed with her dress to give herself time to get a
hold on her volatile emotions. Lynne stood beside her and waited patiently.
When she started toward the church, Lynne stroked her back. She didn’t
meet anyone’s eyes as she walked up the steps and paused on the threshold,
unsure if she should be allowed in the chapel after what she’d done this
week. Several hundred years ago, she would have been stoned to death.
“Don’t take what your dad said to heart,” Lynne murmured as she put an
arm around her waist. “He’s upset, but he’ll get past it. We all will.”
She swallowed the lump in her throat. She didn’t deserve Lynne’s
sympathy or faith in her. Tucker was just the tip of the iceberg. If Mom
knew what she and Jesse had done… She raised her head and saw Dad
standing beside a pew, watching her hover on the threshold, almost as if he
knew… Abruptly, he turned away and took a seat, staring straight ahead at
the empty stage.
“Have faith,” Lynne encouraged as she started down the aisle to join
Dad.
Someone came up behind her. Her heightened senses told her who it
was, even though Jesse didn’t speak. She had so many questions, but this
was neither the time nor place. And did it really matter what tale Jesse told?
Dad knew she was to blame, even though Jesse tried to keep her out of it.
The worst part was, Dad was right. It was her fault. They would discuss this
later. First, they had to smile and maintain their image as a loving, Christian
family.
She moved through the crowd and entered the pew her parents were
sitting in from the opposite end. Jesse settled beside her. She nodded to
those who greeted her and couldn’t avoid several hugs that made her feel
even worse. They thought she was one of them. That she was still pure and
good, and she wasn’t. Not by a long shot. She felt sick to her stomach.
“This message has been on my mind all week,” Pastor Sonny began,
gravely eyeing the congregation. “How one sin can change the trajectory of
your life. We assume one tiny sin won’t hurt, that no one will find out about
it, but no sin escapes God’s notice.”
Violet resisted the urge to slouch in her seat as Pastor Sonny made eye
contact with her.
“We’re going to examine the life of the great King David. He went from
shepherd boy to king and was hailed as a mighty warrior, but one
transgression robbed him of the blessing God had for him and caused the
rest of his life to be plagued with pain and betrayal.” Pastor Sonny paused
for effect before he continued, “Of course, I’m referring to his affair with
Bathsheba.”
Violet knew the story of King David’s infamous affair—how he spotted
a beautiful woman bathing from the rooftop of his palace and summoned
her to him. When Bathsheba became pregnant, King David had her husband
killed in battle to claim her for himself.
“One sin,” Pastor Sonny said thoughtfully as he strolled across the
stage. “Adultery doesn’t seem like such a big deal, but when a child is
conceived, King David tries to pass the child off as the husband’s and when
that didn’t work, he murdered his loyal soldier.” Pastor Sonny shook his
head. “People don’t understand that one sin will always lead to another.
Once you start on that path, you can’t stop. Before you know it, you’re
trapped in a web of your own making. King David thought he got away
with it, but God sees all, and the punishment was severe.”
Pastor Sonny listed the many consequences of King David’s sin,
beginning with the death of the child that had been conceived during the
affair. But it was the tragic story of the incestuous relationship between
David’s children, Amnon and his half-sister, Tamar, that made Violet’s
blood run cold. Amnon was so obsessed with his sister that he faked being
ill to have his sister feed him and then raped her.
“It says here in verse fifteen that after Amnon had Tamar, he hated her
more than he once loved her.” Pastor Sonny paused so the congregation
could take that in. “Can you imagine wanting someone so much that you
risked everything to possess her, only to discover your all-consuming love
was just fleeting lust? Amnon wanted her purely because he couldn’t have
her, and he paid for that sin with his life when his brother, Absalom, struck
him down to avenge her.”
Pastor Sonny held up a finger.
“King David passed his sins onto his sons, who mirrored and amplified
them. We think one misstep won’t hurt anyone and that if we’re found out,
we can handle the fallout, but we forget that it’s not just us that’s affected.
It’s our family, those we love most, who suffer the most for our choices. In
King David’s case, that generational curse was passed on. And it doesn’t
stop there. It trickles out to our friends and community. Everything you do
matters. I think, if we keep that in mind, we could save ourselves and those
we care about a lot of grief.”
Convicted to her core, Violet closed her eyes. Discovering that she and
Jesse engaged in a sexual relationship would devastate their parents on
multiple levels. She and Jesse weren’t blood siblings, but they had been
raised as such and that’s how their parents wanted them to view each other.
Sex complicated things, which is why blended families discouraged it from
happening in the first place. To make matters worse, their parents didn’t
believe in premarital sex.
If Dad grounded her for suspecting she had influenced the fight between
Jesse and Tucker, what would he do if he found out she initiated a sexual
relationship between her and Jesse? Jesse paid her midnight visits, but he’d
never gone beyond that. She kissed him and then unwittingly taunted him
by giving him the impression she was experienced, which made him lose
control. She hadn’t stopped Tucker or Jesse from putting their hands in her
pants. She hadn’t fought Jesse off when he put her on his bed. A part of her
wanted to know and experience, and she had, without considering the
aftermath or future complications. What if her carnal recklessness destroyed
their family, as it had King David’s? When she was younger, she’d been
terrified Lynne and her dad would break up. What if she caused her worst
fear to come true?
“In Luke 8:17, it says that all secrets will be brought to light and made
known to all. If you think you’re going to get away with your sin, believe
me, you won’t. It may take years, even decades, but your misdeeds will be
exposed, and you will pay in one form or another. It’s inevitable,” Pastor
Sonny said with such conviction that Violet wanted to drop to her knees and
repent.
She didn’t realize her hands were balled into fists until Jesse placed his
on top of hers. She pulled away and would have scooted closer to Lynne,
but she didn’t want to bring unwanted attention to them. Jesse couldn’t
touch her like that anymore. They could never repeat what they’d done this
week. For as long as she could remember, she longed for a family. God had
answered her prayers and given her a mother and brother who gave her the
love and affection she longed for. She couldn’t lose them.
Right then and there, she began to pray. Lord, punish me in whatever
way You see fit, but please keep my family intact. My parents don’t deserve
to be hurt because of my choices. I swear I’ll right my wrongs. I’ll fix my
relationship with Jesse. We’ll never do anything immoral ever again. Please
don’t expose my weaknesses and faults. I’ll do better. I’ll do anything to
make this right. Please have mercy on me.
As if Jesse sensed her distress, he brushed the back of his hand against
her thigh. This time, she moved away. Just as she predicted, Lynne glanced
at her. Violet rested her head on her shoulder. Lynne didn’t admonish her,
but cupped her cheek, comforting her like she was a child. At that moment,
she felt like one. Overwhelmed, ashamed, and wishing someone would
clean up her mess.
“What some people try to do is turn their sin into something good, but
nothing that begins in sin will be blessed by God. It will always fail,” Pastor
Sonny boomed.
She hadn’t considered the long-term ramifications of sleeping with her
stepbrother. She’d been caught up in sexual discovery, in fulfilling dark
desires, and pleasure. How could she be so stupid?
Was it her imagination, or had Pastor Sonny looked directly at her
several times? Did God give him the ability to single out which church
members this message was for? She’d been lambasted so severely, she
could barely sit upright. Each point cut deep like a whip. Between finding
out that Tucker was in the hospital and this message, it couldn’t be clearer
that God was giving her one last warning before she ruined her life.
Amnon’s reaction after finally having his half-sister played over and
over in her mind. He hated her more than he once loved her. It would kill
her if one day Jesse despised her or looked through her as he did the other
girls he’d dated. Before, she’d been his sister, which made her special, but
by sleeping with him, she became like all the others. Easy, forgettable.
There’d been no need to date and woo her—he went straight to sex. And
she let him. What if, like Amnon, Jesse desired her because it was taboo and
titillating and once he got his fill…?
Ice spread through her belly. It was better to end it now before anyone
got hurt. Already, her feelings were engaged, while it could be just about
sex for him. He was jacking off in her room even when he had girlfriends.
They hadn’t been enough for him. He was oversexed. Maybe any girl would
do, and she was just… available?
“Let’s pray,” Pastor Sonny said.
Heart heavy, she closed her eyes. The tears that dropped to her lap went
unnoticed as the pastor prayed over the congregation, hoping they could
learn from King David’s mistakes and do better in their own lives.
“Violet.”
She swiveled on her chair to see Dad standing in her bedroom. They
hadn’t exchanged a word all day. During dinner, Lynne tried to lighten the
mood by entertaining them with tales of her students. Violet hadn’t been
able to enjoy the food, company, or stories and had excused herself to take
refuge in her room. Guilt lay on her shoulders like a heavy, suffocating
winter coat. She hadn’t been able to look Dad or Jesse in the eye. She
wished she could reverse time and walk away from Tucker when he tried to
pressure her to get in his car. So many red flags and missed opportunities to
do the right thing. She could have saved them all a lot of grief is she’d
stopped it from the beginning.
She spent her time cleaning the heck out of her room and purged all
signs of debauchery. She washed her clothes and bedsheets, vacuumed,
organized, and erased incriminating text messages. She also messaged
Tucker, apologizing for what happened with Jesse, and asked if there was
anything she could do. Her fervent, long-winded message received a oneword reply: No. Apparently, she didn’t need to break up with him. It seemed
the sentiment was mutual.
Dad advanced into her room and sat on the edge of her bed. “I was
harsh with you today.”
She lowered her gaze. “I deserved it.”
“That phone call was a nasty shock. I’m glad Tucker’s going to be all
right and that Jesse got off with a tap on the wrist. It could have been a lot
worse.”
She nodded.
“I know Jesse didn’t tell us everything and honestly, I don’t think I
could handle the truth. But I know one thing. Nothing could have caused
such an extreme reaction from him except you. He’d do anything for you,
even if it cost him everything. Do you understand that, Vi? Jesse came this
close to having something on his record today that would never go away.
Your actions have consequences now. Consequences that can mar your
future.”
“I know,” she said shakily as her eyes filled with tears.
Dad let out a gusty sigh. “Just… be more mindful. Think before you
leap. That’s all I’m asking. Can you do that for me?”
She nodded and tried to give him a smile but failed.
Dad got to his feet and squeezed her shoulder. “Go to bed. It’s been a
long day.”
Once he left her room, she walked into the bathroom and, for the first
time ever, made sure to lock the door that led into Jesse’s room. Jesse had
approached her twice, but she shot him down. She didn’t want to risk Mom
or Dad hearing them talk and honestly, there was nothing to say. He’d been
so sure no one would find out about Tucker, but like Pastor Sonny said, the
truth would always reveal itself.
No one could ever find out about her and Jesse. If it got out, she knew
beyond a shadow of a doubt that nothing would ever be the same. If Dad
discovered they slept with one another, he wouldn’t kill Jesse, but it could
turn Dad and Lynne against one another if they defended their own child.
Or maybe they would all realize she was the problem. Her nails sank into
her palm. They had to end it now before anyone suspected. Perhaps they
could work their way back to seeing each other as friends instead of lovers.
Tears slipped down her face as she brushed her teeth and readied herself
for bed. When she walked back into her room, she paused. She had no
doubt Jesse would come to her after their parents went to bed. She couldn’t
let that happen, even if it was just to talk.
Sniffling, she locked both doors that led into her room. Dad instructed
them to leave their doors unlocked in case of an emergency. This was an
emergency of a different sort. Boundaries that needed to be set.
She climbed into bed and willed herself to sleep, but Pastor Sonny’s
warnings made her toss and turn. It was just after eleven when the bathroom
light came on. From the gap beneath the door, she saw a shadow approach
and then the sharp snick of the doorknob as Jesse turned it back and forth.
There was a pause and then a louder rattle as he used more force. She
pulled the covers over her head as Jesse cursed.
“Vi!” he hissed.
She didn’t move. Several minutes later, she lowered the comforter and
saw the bathroom light was off. She blew out a breath, turned on her side,
and prayed for wisdom and strength in getting them on the right path
tomorrow.
Chapter 13
VIOLET
She was brushing her teeth the following morning when Jesse
tentatively knocked on the bathroom door. When she didn’t answer, he tried
the locked door.
“Violet?”
When she didn’t answer, she heard a thump. She wasn’t sure whether it
was his hand or forehead that hit the door.
“Violet.”
The frustrated longing in his tone made her eyes water. She rinsed her
mouth and quickly finished up her tasks in the bathroom. She unlocked his
door before she double timed it to her bedroom and locked hers.
All night, she rehearsed what she would say to him. She had no idea
how he would respond. He heard the same sermon at church yesterday. He
had to see the parallels and recognize the risks they were taking—not just
with their own relationship, but their family. After sleeping on it, she hoped
he’d come to the same conclusion. Bottom line, he meant too much to her
to risk losing him. He couldn’t argue with that.
As she dated, she’d been pushing the limits with her wardrobe, but
today she wasn’t trying to attract or please anyone. Not Jesse, Tucker, or
any other guy. She pulled on jeans and a loose fitted top, put her hair in a
ponytail, and put in gold heart earrings. Comfortable, simple, not sexy at
all. She just wanted everything to go back to the way it had been before sex
got in the way.
When she made her way into the dining room, she found Mom and Dad
at the dining table doing devotions. This was usually something that
happened on the weekend, not a weekday. Mom was typically in a hurry to
get to school and on his days off, Dad was often working on a house
project, fishing, or helping the church with something. Apparently, they
were planning on being more present, which worked in her favor.
“Hey, honey,” Mom greeted.
She was comforted by Dad’s half smile. All was forgiven. Today was a
new day and an opportunity to make good choices. She went into the
kitchen to make herself oatmeal and stiffened when Jesse materialized at
her side.
“Morning.”
Her eyes flicked up, clashed with his stormy blue ones, and quickly
looked away. “Morning. Do you want oatmeal for breakfast?”
“You left something on the bathroom counter.”
“Sorry about that,” she said lightly. “I’ll grab it later.”
“Jesse,” Dad called. “You’re going to talk to Coach Rick today about
leaving the team?”
“Yeah,” Jesse said curtly.
There was a startled pause and then Mom asked, “Do we need to talk
more about this, son?”
“No,” Jesse said and shocked them all by turning on his heel and
walking out the front door.
Mom and Dad glanced at each other and then Violet as she turned to
watch his exit. Jesse had never talked back to their parents or showed any
disrespect before. His terse tone and display of temper wasn’t like him at
all.
“Should I talk to him?” Dad murmured.
Lynne let out a long sigh and sat back in her seat. “Are we doing the
right thing? This is his senior year. Making him quit football is a huge
punishment.”
Dad rapped his fingers on the table. “We can’t let him get away with
thinking what he did is okay.”
“Of course not, but his team could make the national championships,
and he’s worked so hard.”
“The only way for him to learn his lesson is to have him give up
something he cares about. Anything else won’t be a real punishment,” Dad
countered.
Through the living room window, Violet watched Jesse pick up the
basketball and start dribbling on the driveway. She assumed he was upset
about them when he probably wanted to talk to her about dropping out of
football. It was a big deal. He was letting his whole team down. Everyone
would want to know why he was quitting. What was he going to say? Her
shoulders slumped. Another thing to add to the never-ending list of things
that were her fault.
Glumly, she turned when the kettle screamed and poured hot water over
the oats and added brown sugar and milk. She sat at the table, only half
listening as her parents debated what was an appropriate punishment for
Jesse. She secretly hoped they would come up with something else and
couldn’t conceal her dismay when Dad put his foot down.
“I didn’t ban him from playing sports completely, which I could do.
Giving up football will make him think twice before he acts in the future.”
As Dad left the table, Mom focused on her. “Are you okay?”
“This is all my fault,” Violet said and dropped her spoon, unable to take
another bite.
Mom didn’t deny it. “It’s better for both of you to learn these lessons
now rather than later.” Mom chucked her under the chin. “This seems like a
big deal now. It may seem like your world is ending, but one day you’ll
laugh over this.” When Violet gave her an incredulous look, Lynne’s lips
quirked. “I swear you will. And as for your punishment, no going out with
friends after school. Once Jesse talks to Coach Rick, you two come straight
home.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
Violet lingered over her oatmeal until it was time to leave. When she
walked out the front door, she saw Lynne talking to Jesse on the driveway.
He had his head bent as he listened to his mother and nodded. As Violet
approached, he unlocked the SUV so she could get in and went into the
house to get his backpack while she fidgeted in the passenger seat. Lynne
backed out of the driveway as Jesse got behind the wheel.
“We have to talk,” he said as he fired up the engine.
Violet clasped her hands between her thighs. “I’m sorry that they’re
making you quit football. I know how much you love it. Maybe if you talk
to Dad, you can convince him to—”
“I don’t care about football. I care about us,” he snapped.
Her heart skipped a beat. “We’re fine.”
“Are we?”
“Of course.”
He braked a little too hard at a stop sign as he navigated through the
neighborhood.
“Is that why you’re locking me out of your room? Because we’re fine?”
A hint of the aggression he displayed the day he beat Tucker’s ass was
coming back, making her anxiety skyrocket.
“I think,” she began stiltedly as she plucked imaginary lint off her jeans,
“considering what happened yesterday that you would agree that…” Why
was she so nervous? This was Jesse. She could tell him anything. “That
what we did…” she fumbled and burst out, “We can’t do that anymore!”
The veins on his arms stood out as his hands flexed on the steering
wheel. “No.”
She forgot about her rehearsed speech. “What do you mean, no?”
He shot her a searing look out of narrow, glowing blue eyes. “You don’t
get to end us because you’re scared or have a guilty conscience.”
“I don’t have a guilty conscience,” she lied. “I just realized…” She
dragged her hands down her face. “What were we thinking? You’re my
brother.”
“We aren’t blood related.”
“But we were raised as siblings. I never saw you as anything else
until…” She shook her head wildly and held both hands up like a traffic
cop. “No. No! This ends now. We never should have let it get this far.”
He reached over the console and gripped her thigh. “I’m not going to let
you do this.”
“Did you see Mom and Dad’s faces when they found out about Tucker?
Can you imagine how they’d react if they found out about us?” Her voice
quavered as her mind conjured up all sorts of traumatic scenarios. “They
don’t even believe in sex before marriage and we…”
He squeezed her knee. “It’s okay, Vi.”
“No, it isn’t! Nothing about this is okay. It’s wrong and sinful, and we
did it anyway! Mom and Dad would die if they knew!”
“We can’t make decisions based on how Mom and Dad will feel,” he
said harshly. “We’re old enough to make our own choices and accept the
consequences, whatever they are.”
“I-I’m not willing to accept the consequences for this,” she stammered
as she tried to brush his hand off her leg. “I’m not going to be the reason
our family breaks apart. I’ve made a lot of stupid decisions, but I can fix
this.”
His grip tightened. “There’s nothing to fix. You and I are supposed to be
together.”
“We will be! As siblings, as family, nothing more!” She smacked his
hand. “You can’t touch me like this! It’s inappropriate!”
Her voice was rising. She was getting hysterical. Her emotions were a
wild, feral thing clawing at her, making her lash out. She wanted this done,
buried, over. Why was he arguing with her? Deep down, he knew this was
the right thing to do, he just didn’t want it to end right now. But it would
have at some point, most likely when he’d gotten his fill. This was a novel
experience for him—a girl ending things. He was just being stubborn.
“Stop pushing me away,” he rapped out.
“I’m not pushing you away. I just don’t want you to touch me.”
“Yesterday I was licking your pussy, and today I can’t touch you?”
His vulgar language was as shocking as a slap. She felt the blood drain
from her face. “Don’t talk to me like that.”
“You really think we can go back to acting like siblings after I’ve been
inside you? After everything we’ve done?”
“Yes!”
He shot her a look filled with incredulous fury. “Didn’t the last few days
mean anything to you?”
An invisible needle pierced her heart. Their day at the lake had been so
special, almost dreamlike in its perfection. She would cherish that memory,
especially since she knew they could never repeat it.
He squeezed her leg. “Vi.”
She swallowed hard. “The past few days have been nice, but—”
“Nice?”
She flinched, partly because of his deafening shout and partly because,
“You’re hurting me.”
He snatched his hand from her leg and ran his fingers through his hair.
“I don’t believe this.”
“Isn’t it bad enough that you have to give up football? That Tucker
ended up in the hospital? How many signs do you need to convince you this
isn’t meant to be? Didn’t you listen to Pastor Sonny’s message yesterday?”
“I heard it.”
“And?”
A muscle ticked in his jaw. “That has nothing to do with us.”
Her mouth sagged. He was being deliberately obtuse. Pastor Sonny’s
message was a warning of how a seemingly harmless transgression could
cause so much destruction. She wasn’t willing to risk their family. Nothing
was worth courting such an outcome. Couldn’t he see that?
Was this proof that regularly indulging in sin changed a person, so they
cared only about satisfying their cravings, regardless of anyone else’s
feelings? Was Jesse that far gone? Her resolve hardened. She vowed she
would get them on the right path and that’s what she would do, regardless
of his bullheadedness.
“I want our relationship to go back to what it was,” she said into the
fraught silence.
“And if I don’t agree?”
“You don’t have a choice.”
Out of the corner of her eye, she saw his head turn in her direction. He
didn’t say a word. He didn’t have to. His gaze, sharp as the tip of a knife,
slid over her. When she was on the verge of begging him to look back at the
road, he did so.
“This wouldn’t have happened if you hadn’t caught me with Tucker. It
started this domino effect that’s led us here. I don’t want anyone else to get
hurt, and that’s what would happen if we continued on this path. I don’t
want to disappoint Mom and Dad any more than I already have.” She
blinked rapidly as her eyes filled with tears. “And you mean too much to
me to risk our friendship.”
He said nothing.
“We won’t talk about it. It’ll be like it never happened,” she said.
He didn’t move a muscle, but the force of his anger was an invisible
force that hammered at her, making it hard to breathe. She braced for an
explosion that didn’t come. Several minutes later, she slumped in her seat.
His volatile temper unnerved her. He’d changed so much in so little time.
She wanted her patient, considerate, affable brother back. This wasn’t him.
She wanted everything to go back to the way it had been when she had
nothing to hide, and she felt safe and clean and there was no threat of being
exposed. He had to know this was destined to end badly. It was taboo,
scandalous and if discovered, would haunt them for the rest of their lives.
No one would support them exploring such a path. Even their friends would
be horrified. Once Jesse had time to consider the long-term effects, he
would agree with her. But until then, things between them would be
strained. She hated being at odds with him, but it was necessary. He wasn’t
thinking clearly. It would take time to reprogram their minds, so they didn’t
see each other sexually. It was best to end it now before they hit the point of
no return.
Although she knew she should leave him alone, she couldn’t resist
asking, “What did you tell Mom and Dad about the day you beat Tucker?”
“A complete fabrication.”
She twisted her hands together in her lap. “Thank you for not telling
them the truth.” The silence that followed made her cringe. “I’m sorry. For
everything.”
“I’m not.”
She wasn’t sure what he meant by that, but didn’t ask him to elaborate.
It was a relief to reach school. Before he parked, she had her seat belt
undone, and her backpack on her lap. When she hopped out, she expected
him to say something in parting, but he didn’t.
A group of their friends were several cars over. She approached
Marissa, Brody, Anton and a few others with a big smile, determined for
everything to go back to normal.
“Hey,” she greeted.
“Where’s Jesse going?” Anton asked.
She turned. She thought he’d be right behind her, but he was striding in
the opposite direction, across the empty field. “No idea.”
“See you tomorrow,” she told Marie before she headed toward the
SUV. Jesse was already behind the wheel. She opened the passenger door
and asked, “Did you talk to Coach Rick?”
“Yeah. Get in.”
Apparently, his mood hadn’t improved. The need to apologize rose
again, but she knew it wouldn’t do any good. She got in and fastened her
seatbelt. “That didn’t take long. I thought he’d try to talk you out of it.”
“I talked to him at lunch.”
Which explained why they were now creeping through traffic mere
minutes after school ended. “Are you okay?”
“Does it matter?” he asked testily.
“Yes. If I hadn’t let Tucker—”
“You saved his life. I wouldn’t have stopped if you hadn’t interfered.”
That made her feel marginally better. “Have you told anyone besides
Coach Rick that you’re quitting?”
“No. Coach is going to break the news at practice.”
“What reason did you give?”
He shrugged. “The truth. I made a mistake that made my parents pull
me from the team. I deserve it.”
She sat back and closed her eyes. Although Jesse didn’t blame her, it
didn’t remove the crushing weight on her shoulders. She was grateful Jesse
was speaking to her. She hadn’t seen him all day and suspected he was
avoiding her. Although she was secretly grateful he was making himself
scarce, it made her feel even worse.
Although she did her best to act like everything was okay, she wasn’t
pulling it off well. Three of her friends asked if something was wrong.
Georgia hadn’t accepted her weak excuse and started interrogating her
about the status of her relationship with Tucker. When she admitted that she
and Tucker had broken up, her friends gave her hugs when she started to
tear up. If they only knew the real reason she was crying.
Without conscious thought, she reached out to Jesse, seeking comfort,
before she caught herself. She told him this morning that he couldn’t touch
her. That was a two-way street. Things were still too raw between them,
even to hold his hand.
Her hand passed over her burning eyes. How had things gone off track
so quickly? In a matter of days, it felt like she lost so much. Tucker, Jesse,
her innocence, her parent’s respect and trust. It had been a rollercoaster of
highs and lows, and now she was at rock bottom with no idea where to go
from here.
She hadn’t expected this to be so excruciating. Why did doing the right
thing feel like she was killing a part of herself? She felt drained, sad, and
lonely.
She and Jesse were in the awkward, angry phase of a breakup. Even
with her eyes closed, she sensed the battle going on inside of him. Whether
that was because of her or the fact that his teammates and a good portion of
the school would soon be speculating why he was quitting football, she
wasn’t sure.
When the SUV slowed, she opened her eyes and frowned as he turned
into the same deserted park where he first kissed her.
“What are you doing? Mom wanted us to go straight home.”
“She thought I’d talk to Coach after school, so we have time.” He
parked, undid his seatbelt, and turned toward her. “We need to talk.”
Her heart skipped. “About what?”
His eyes narrowed. “About you and me.”
“There’s nothing to talk about.”
He leaned forward, sky-blue eyes glittering as he stated, “You can’t give
me what you gave me and take it back, Vi.”
“That was a mistake,” she whispered.
“No, it wasn’t,” he clipped. “This…” He gestured between them. “Isn’t
a mistake. Can’t you feel it?”
“Feel what?” she asked, feigning confusion.
He tensed. “Don’t do that.”
“Do what?”
“Act like you don’t feel anything for me.”
“I never said that. I love you. You’re my brother.”
He leaned in and growled, “We both know you haven’t seen me as your
brother for a while now.”
It was the closest he’d come to acknowledging his late-night visits. The
eruption of butterflies and heat in her belly horrified her. She thought
declaring that their relationship was wrong would be enough to suppress her
body’s reaction to him. Not so. Her weak, susceptible flesh was eager to
jump back into the fire, heedless of the consequences.
When she tried to turn away, Jesse clasped her face, forcing her to look
at him.
“I’ve been in hell for so fucking long. I can’t go back to that.” He rested
his forehead against hers. “You love me, and not just as a brother. Admit it.”
Her heart slammed into her ribcage as her eyes flooded with the tears
she’d been keeping at bay all day. “We can’t.”
“We can.” His voice vibrated with implacable determination.
She wanted to leap into the deep end. To let him lead and take care of
everything, but she knew he wasn’t thinking it through. Indulging for the
moment would only lead to more heartache. “Jesse.”
“Do you honestly think how we feel about each other is going to go
away? We didn’t just kiss. I claimed every inch of you. You wanted it just
as much as I did. You still do.”
She flushed and braced her hand against his chest, pushing for breathing
space. “It doesn’t matter! This is wrong.”
“Stop saying that. There’s nothing wrong with this.”
“If this is so right, then are you willing to tell Mom and Dad?” she
challenged.
If he truly wanted her, he would be willing to tell their parents this
wasn’t a fling, but a genuine, loving relationship he wanted to pursue. No
such words emerged from him. The long silence cut deep and confirmed
everything she’d been thinking. He didn’t care how conflicted she felt or
that, if discovered, it would devastate their parents. Like Amnon, he was
focused purely on sex and wouldn’t stop until he quenched his needs. He
also seemed fine with keeping their relationship a dirty secret. Why? So
there would be minimal damage in the long run?
She wrenched away from him and ran her fingers through her hair as
she tried to stuff down her feelings of being sullied and used. That’s what
she got for engaging in such a relationship. Regardless of how much her
body enjoyed what Jesse did to her, it wouldn’t last. She cattle prodded her
hormones into submission and took a deep, calming breath. She promised
God she would stop them from continuing down this slippery slope. Jesse
was already too far gone, so she had to take a stand for both their sakes.
She stared through the windshield at the empty park as she said, “I’ve
made so many mistakes. Mistakes with Tucker. Mistakes with you that have
made things…” She swallowed hard. “Difficult. I’m sorry for that. I can’t
take it back, but I can do what’s right, starting now. I just want to forget it
ever happened.”
Out of the corner of her eye, she saw he sat facing her, completely
motionless.
“Please take me home,” she said quietly.
“You think you can end it, just like that?”
Despite the way her heart banged around in her chest like a trapped
bird, she turned her head to meet and hold his gaze. “Yes. Just like that.”
Although his face remained blank, something shifted in his eyes that
made the fine hairs on her nape stand up. Everything in her went on high
alert. Obeying a gut instinct, she undid her seatbelt, yanked on the door
handle, and tumbled out of the SUV all in one motion. She staggered before
she caught her balance and stared at Jesse, who hadn’t moved. Feeling
frightened, foolish, and embarrassed at her overreaction, she glared at him.
“Get in the car, Vi,” he said coldly.
She’d always trusted Jesse implicitly, but for the first time in her life,
she hesitated. He seemed to be in control, but something told her if she got
back in the car, he would cross every boundary she just set. She was
ashamed that a part of her wanted him to. It would be so easy to get lost in
him, but her fear of ending up alone was stronger than her sexual desires.
She slammed the door in his face and headed for the trail. They both
needed to cool off. She’d go for a walk while he sat in the car and… She
stiffened when she heard a door closing, the familiar beep of the SUV’s
alarm, and the sound of someone running toward her.
A hand wrapped around her upper arm. “Violet.”
She pivoted to face him, squinting into the sun as she went on tiptoes
and enunciated through her teeth, “We’re done talking. Nothing you say is
going to make a difference. I’ve made up my mind. You have to accept it.”
He searched her eyes. “That’s your final word?”
“Yes!”
He nodded and glanced around. “You want to see the park?”
She blinked, taken aback by how quickly his mood had shifted. “I… I
think I’ll take a walk.”
He gestured for her to precede him. She eyed him for a moment before
she turned on her heel and strode off. She expected him to continue the
argument, but he gave her space, staying a few paces behind her so she
didn’t feel crowded. After minutes passed without a word exchanged
between them, her hunched shoulders dropped.
His forceful pushback unnerved her. He had grounds to be disgruntled,
even angry, but she expected him to accept her decision with grace. He’d
always been so easygoing, respectful, and willing to cede to her wishes and
now… Now, she had no idea what was coming next.
She was seeing him in a new light. His broody edginess thrilled and
alarmed her. She shouldn’t be aroused by it, but there was no denying that
she was. There was something wrong with her. There was no other
explanation for why she’d gotten wet when he ordered her to get back in the
car. This was Jesse, the brother who braided her hair, comforted her when
Mom and Dad fought, and helped her with her homework. Why hadn’t she
ever picked up on the steel beneath his guileless smile? Why was she
simultaneously attracted and repelled by it? This wouldn’t do. She was
supposed to be purifying her thoughts, but her mind was overwhelmed with
graphic, inappropriate fantasies that she tried to smother without success.
Why had no one ever mentioned how addictive sin was? It was a drug
one could get hooked on by partaking of the forbidden just once. Jesse was
so consumed by it that he wasn’t himself. He hadn’t been for some time,
though. Jesse had been sipping from the pool of debauchery far longer than
she had. Who knew what he’d been doing with his exes, who were so eager
to get back together with him? He hadn’t been caught, which had
emboldened him to this point. Being outed by Tucker should have been a
wakeup call that he wasn’t going to get away with everything. Why didn’t
Jesse get what he needed from another girl? Why put so much in jeopardy
to sleep with his stepsister?
Her calves cramped as she went uphill. She slowed to catch her breath
and made a mental note that she needed to exercise more. She was grateful
when the path curved beneath some trees. As she paused to enjoy the shade,
she cocked her head when she heard running water.
“There’s a stream that runs parallel to the path. Want to see it?” Jesse
asked.
When she nodded, he led the way through the trees. She perked up as
she got a glimpse of blue up ahead. When they came to a small clearing, she
put her hands on hips and surveyed the tranquil scene. Sunlight danced on
the surface of the fast-moving water.
“I can see why you like coming here. It’s beautiful,” she said.
She closed her eyes for a moment, letting nature soothe her troubled
thoughts. If only she could rewind the clock. She longed for a time when
things were simple and innocent, but a part of her knew those days were
gone. Like Eve, she’d taken a bite of the apple and now there was no going
back to seeing the world in cute, pastel shades. Now, she could see every
vivid shade of the rainbow and had firsthand knowledge of the temptations
in the shadows. With adult decisions came severe punishments,
complications, and impossible choices. But she was doing her part and
keeping her promise to God. That’s all that mattered.
A soft gust of air was her only warning. She opened her eyes to find
Jesse in front of her. Her hand flew up in a protective gesture as she
stumbled back.
“What are you…?”
“I can’t go back to what we were.”
His flat delivery made her freeze, but it was the strange, unholy gleam
in his eyes that made her heart begin to beat like a drum.
“I-I want to go back to the trail.”
Even she could hear the anxiety in her tone. Jesse’s only response to this
was to match her retreating steps. His eyes were fixed on her like she was
prey. He wasn’t even blinking.
In a distant part of her mind, she noted that he had pretended to accept
her decision so she would let down her guard and bring her somewhere
secluded where no one would interfere. They were a significant distance
from the path without a soul in sight.
“Last week was a dream for me. Taking your virginity and then having
you surrender so completely, giving me everything…” One hand balled into
a fist at his side. “Now, you say you want to forget it ever happened, and
I’m supposed to go back to treating you like a sister.” He shook his head. “It
doesn’t work that way, baby.”
“We have to get home. Mom and Dad…”
“Things were perfect until that call came in,” Jesse cut in, ignoring her
nervous chatter. “I don’t care that I have to quit football. That’s a small
price to pay for giving him the beating he deserved.”
“Tucker—”
He closed the distance between them with a speed that made her let out
a startled yelp. He pinned her against a tree and gripped her face as he
ducked down, so they were eye to eye.
“That’s the last time you say his name,” he said through clenched teeth.
“I’m sick of hearing about him. I don’t regret what I did. I’d do it all over
again, except I wouldn’t stop until I was sure the damage was permanent.”
“You can’t mean that!”
“I do.” He trailed his knuckles down the sensitive line of her throat. “He
had no right to touch you.”
His pupils were so dilated, there was only a thin ring of blue. She
should run, fight, or scream her head off, but she was locked in a strange
paralysis that kept her pinned between Jesse and the massive tree at her
back.
“You can’t tell me you don’t feel anything for me. I won’t believe you.”
His knuckles trailed down to her breasts. When he strummed her nipple,
she jolted.
“You love what I do to you,” he rasped as he cupped her breast and
tightened his hold on her face, giving her no way to hide her reaction from
him. “You want this so bad, you’re shaking.”
She was shaking. Whether it was from desire or terror, she wasn’t sure.
She wrapped both hands around his wrist and tugged. “Please don’t do
this.”
“I’ve never felt like this about anyone,” Jesse said almost to himself. “I
thought I would be satisfied once I had you, once you gave yourself to me,
but you’re always trying to slip away.” His expression hardened, and his
fingers dug into her cheeks as he pressed his lips to hers. “But I have you
now, Violet. And I’m not letting go.”
He held her gaze as his hand left her breast and went to the button of her
jeans. Her paralysis broke. She erupted into motion, but he was anticipating
that and swept her legs out from under her.
She landed on her back without any idea how she’d gotten there.
Winded and stunned, she lay there, staring at the underside of the tree’s
canopy until Jesse blotted out her view. He undid her jeans, yanked them to
her knees, and slipped his fingers inside her. She sat up with an outraged
shriek as he retracted his hand. Before she could defend herself, he shoved
those same fingers into her mouth so deep that she gagged.
“Tell me again you don’t want me,” Jesse mocked.
Along with bile, she tasted her own honey. She wrenched her head to
the side and coughed.
“We’re not going backwards,” Jesse declared with frightening calm as
he positioned her on her hands and knees and knelt behind her. “Nothing’s
coming between us. No other guys, Mom and Dad, even God.”
She reached back and pushed at him. “You can’t do this!”
“I have to do this. For both of us.” When she tried to scramble away, he
pulled her back and smacked her butt hard enough to stun her into
immobility. “You’re scared of what people think and too ashamed to admit
what you really want.”
His fingers slipped inside her.
“Soaked, just like I knew you would be. Are you wet for your brother,
Violet?”
“Stop!” she sobbed as she tore at the grass to get away.
He gripped her hips, hauling her backwards, and slammed in to the hilt.
She screamed. The horrible sound bounced off the trees and ricocheted back
to them. As she hung her head, panting, she waited for the distant shout of
some Good Samaritan coming to the rescue, but there was nothing but the
pleasant sound of the stream, which she now realized would drown out any
call for help.
“I come here often because of how isolated it is,” Jesse said as he
blanketed her much smaller form. “Scream all you want. Nobody’s going to
hear you.”
“This isn’t you,” she said, her voice thick with tears. “Something’s
wrong. Can’t you see that?”
“You’re what’s wrong with me,” he groaned into her hair. “I haven’t
been sane for over a year. You love toying with me and throwing obstacles
in my path. I’d let you do whatever you want to me, but the moment things
get rough, you want to run. I’m not going to let you do that anymore.
You’re sticking with me.”
He began to move in shallow, hard thrusts that stabbed something inside
her that made her keen and uproot the ground around her.
“How can anything that feels so fucking good be a sin, Violet?” he
panted as his hand slipped under her blouse and stroked her stomach. “We
were made for each other. Can’t you feel it?”
She let out a choked sob as he planted himself deep. She couldn’t
believe this was happening—that he was so far gone that he would take her
in a public place. He was ruthless, shameless, completely out of control. As
he began to move more forcefully, her knees sank into the soft earth.
“We’re supposed to be together. Everything in me says so. I know you
feel it, too. I’d do anything for you, baby, anything.”
She shook her head.
He slowed his pace and pressed his cheek against her clammy one.
“What, baby?”
“You wouldn’t do anything for me,” she said raggedly.
“Of course I would,” he whispered as he rocked his hips. “Tell me what
you want, and I’ll give it to you.”
“I want you to stop.”
He abruptly pushed on her shoulders, so her face was mashed in the
grass and her butt was up in the air.
“You don’t want me to stop, and I’m going to prove it.”

JESSE.
Violet’s upper body arched as she released a beautiful, muted
scream before she went limp. As he lapped up what poured from her, she
shuddered and tried to scoot away, but her body was weak and
uncoordinated, and she was no match for him. Eventually, she gave up and
let him have his way.
When he was content, he rested his cheek on her sticky inner thigh.
He’d never been drunk or high, but he suspected it was similar to how he
felt right now.
For a few hellish hours, he thought he may have lost her, but she was
back where she belonged. He sated his demons and made sure he fed hers,
too. He fucked her on her hands and knees before he went 69, straddling her
face, forcing her to get him hard again while he made her come with his
mouth. After that, he took her missionary with her ankles resting on his
shoulders. That’s when she began babbling about sin, Amnon and Tamar,
and some deal she’d made with God. He didn’t care about a fucked up,
incestuous relationship that happened three thousand years ago or what she
promised God. He had his own deal with God—her. He lost his father so
that God could bring Violet into his life. She was his destiny, his salvation,
his. She belonged to him and he to her. Why couldn’t she see that? What
she labeled as sin felt like a spiritual cleansing to him. She was home to
him, and he wouldn’t let her destroy the ties he’d so carefully nurtured.
She climaxed when he did her missionary and then burst into tears.
He’d never heard her cry like that before. She was distraught, inconsolable.
Nothing he said would calm her, so he did the only thing he could think of
—turn those pitiful cries into gasps of pleasure by burying his face in his
favorite place. She fought him and called for help until she was hoarse, but
God was on his side. No one interfered. He made her beg for release and
wrung out two more orgasms from her before he was satisfied.
He kissed her mound before he got to his feet and sorted himself out. He
absently brushed debris from his legs before pulling his jeans up. He was
grateful he’d worn a black shirt instead of white. If not, it would have been
covered in dirt and grass stains from all the rolling around on the ground
they’d just done.
He surveyed Violet, who made a delectable picture. She was splayed on
her back, blouse hiked up to expose her abdomen and bra, jeans caught on
one ankle while her other leg was completely bare. Her pussy glistened
from his ministrations, inner thighs red and swollen from the love bites he’d
left behind. The urge to wring more affirmations from her was tempting, but
they didn’t have time.
He retrieved her torn underwear and pocketed them before he crouched
beside her. “Vi.”
Her only reaction to his voice was a tear that slipped from the corner of
her closed eyelids.
“We have to go, baby,” he said before he gripped her limp hands and
pulled her up.
He wasn’t surprised when she swayed on her feet. He’d been rough.
Brutal, actually, but hearing her chalk up the best days of his life as “nice”
and her dismissal of their relationship put him into a mindless state that
didn’t leave room for tenderness.
He steadied her before he unfolded her crumpled blouse and brushed
grass, dirt, and leaves from her before he fed her leg into her pants and
pulled them up. Both of their jeans were suspiciously dirty, but thankfully
his dark shirt and her colorful top hid the worst of the stains.
“Can you walk?” he asked.
When she didn’t acknowledge him, he inwardly shrugged and put her
over his shoulder. She didn’t fight or utter a sound. They were a ways from
the parking lot, but now that he’d had her, he felt like he could climb Mount
Everest.
He was grateful he didn’t pass anyone on the path. He opened the SUV
and settled her in the passenger seat. She finally opened her eyes, but didn’t
look at him. She stared straight ahead, expression blank.
He climbed in to fasten her seatbelt. She didn’t react when he caressed
her breasts or kissed her temple. She was acting like a lifeless doll. She was
punishing herself for what they’d done, but he knew how to bring her back
to life. When his mouth was between her legs, when he sucked on her
nipples and played with her asshole, she went wild. Whatever was going on
in her mind, he would overcome. He wouldn’t allow her to withdraw, not
when she was finally his. He would do whatever was necessary to keep her.
He retrieved his phone from his backpack before getting into the
driver’s seat. He wasn’t surprised to see thirty text messages and over a
dozen calls from his teammates. He would deal with that later. The only
missed call he cared about was Mom’s. He called her back as he turned the
key in the ignition.
“Are you home?” Mom asked.
“No, we’re on our way. Violet wanted to take a walk at the park. We’re
leaving now.”
He glanced at Violet as he reversed. She was doing a good job of
imitating a mannequin.
“Coach Rick called Dad and I,” Mom said.
“I’m not surprised.”
“I’m sorry, Jesse, but Isaac feels that—”
“It’s okay, Mom.”
She sighed. “I’ll see you two at home. Can you start dinner?”
“Sure.”
“Thanks, son.”
“No problem.”
He hung up, tossed his phone in the cupholder, and rested his hand on
Violet’s thigh. She didn’t push him away, which pleased him. What he felt
when he pummeled Tucker was nothing compared to the red haze that
engulfed him this morning when she tried to end them. The only reason he
hadn’t pulled over to deal with Violet was because he knew his parents
would be expecting a call from Coach Rick after he quit the team. Once that
was out of the way, he would deal with Violet. They wouldn’t go home until
things were set right between them.
He stroked her thigh. What he’d done was wrong, but it was hard to feel
guilty when he’d come inside her, had her taste on his tongue, and she was
sitting docilely beside him, letting him touch her. Right and wrong ceased
to matter where she was concerned. His need to possess her trumped all
else.
The days leading up to Sunday had been a dream. Violet surpassed
every fantasy. He worried he would scare her with his intensity and need,
but she not only matched him, at times it seemed her desires surpassed his.
She eagerly jumped into every scenario he created. He couldn’t believe she
was finally his. Their bodies were made for each other. They were so in
tune, words weren’t necessary. Everything was perfect until that fucking
phone call, which tore down the walls of the alternate reality he constructed
around Violet to insulate her from the outside world.
The stark terror on her face when Isaac nearly discovered them in the
bathroom told him she wasn’t ready to come out to their parents. Between
finding out that worthless bastard was in the hospital and Pastor Sonny’s
sermon, he knew the progress he made had taken a major hit. Sensing her
mental anguish in church, he tried to comfort her, but she rejected him.
With their parents present, he’d been forced to give her space.
Discovering she had barred him from her bedroom was a nasty shock. He
hadn’t slept and had no choice but to draw his own conclusions about what
that meant, which she confirmed this morning on the ride to school.
A part of her was still that lonely girl, afraid of being abandoned if she
let people down. Yesterday, she crumbled under the weight of their parent’s
disappointment. He had never viewed her need for love and acceptance as a
defect until he realized she would never choose him over their parents. That
wouldn’t do.
If Mom and Dad found out, they wouldn’t excuse such blatant
immorality or allow it to flourish under their roof. He suspected their
parents would go so far as to separate them. He was willing to face
whatever consequences came from his actions, but he had to make sure
Violet would stick by him, and she wasn’t there. Not even close. She would
rather break up than defy their parents.
He ignored the fire that heated his blood. They would get there. One
day, Violet would love him with the same fervor that he did her. Until then,
he intended to keep her as close to him as possible. He wasn’t going to let
Pastor’s Sonny’s lesson about King David’s mistakes or their parent’s
disapproval keep him from her. He loved her. His life revolved around her.
He wouldn’t let anyone come between them.
When they pulled up to the house, he was relieved to see Dad’s truck
was gone. He slipped on his backpack before going around to Violet’s door.
She displayed no awareness of their surroundings or him. Her face was
smudged with dirt, hair a tangled mess, and if either of their parents caught
a glimpse of her, no explanation would get him out of this.
“We’re home, baby,” he said as he undid her seatbelt, shouldered her
bag and tugged her into his arms.
He carried her to the house and hoped the neighbors were otherwise
occupied. He headed straight for their bathroom and kicked both doors
closed before he set her in the tub. He dropped their bags and caught her
before she collapsed.
“We have to clean up.” He flicked a ladybug out of her hair. “Do you
want me to bathe you?”
She looked right through him with eyes the color of rich moss.
He cupped her cheek. “Violet?”
No response.
“I’ll take care of you,” he said and began to strip her.
Once her clothes were in a pile, he got naked and climbed in with her.
He expected her to balk when he started positioning her so he could clean
her thoroughly, but she remained strangely compliant throughout. He was
grateful, since he didn’t know how much time they had.
“I’m sorry I was so rough,” he said as he ran the soapy washcloth over
her skin. “Are you hurt?”
She didn’t answer.
He had to shampoo her hair twice. He scrubbed every inch of her,
including the bottom of her feet and between every toe. He wished he could
linger. The fact that she was allowing him to care for her so intimately
without shame pacified the entity inside him that had compelled him to take
her so savagely. The need to reinforce their physical bonds consumed him.
He planned to possess her as frequently as possible to maintain their
connection, especially when her mind and body were at war with one
another. Eventually, they would align once she stopped fighting what was
between them.
Even though he’d had her multiple times, his body reacted to her
nearness. He couldn’t be around her and not want her. He thought once she
belonged to him that his obsession would ease, but it was worse than ever.
She stood in the back of the shower, as animated as a statue, as he
quickly cleaned himself. She didn’t react to the water that dripped down her
face or when he came to her. He couldn’t resist giving her a gentle kiss she
didn’t return before he wrung out her hair, wrapped it in a towel, and hastily
dried her.
His senses were on high alert as he dressed her in sweats. The only sign
of the rough sex they had at the park was her swollen lips, but that could be
excused in a dozen ways. He carried her into the living room, settled her on
the couch, and put on her favorite show.
“I’m going to start dinner. Do you need anything?”
She didn’t look at him or acknowledge his question. He kissed her
forehead before he went into the kitchen. From the tortillas, beans, and
vegetables Mom had on the counter, he deduced dinner was supposed to be
tacos. Once the vegetables were cut and the hamburger was simmering on
the stove, he fetched Violet’s hairbrush.
He settled her on the floor between his legs and combed her hair. He’d
always loved playing with her hair. So much so, Mom taught him how to
braid it. He did so now before he placed her back on the couch and
switched positions, so he was on his knees facing her.
Her eyes were more hazel than that startling green. His coddling was
having the desired effect. Before Mom and Dad arrived, he needed her
coherent. Violet had always worn her emotions on her sleeve. A lack of
them would be more noticeable than anything else she could do.
“Violet.”
No reaction.
He stroked the apple of her cheek. “What’s between us isn’t sinful.”
Her eyes focused on him.
“People search all their lives for the connection we have between us. It’s
rare and special. It’s worth fighting for.”
Her gaze flicked away. The entity inside of him snarled at the rejection,
but he had to be patient. He couldn’t force her to catch up to his level of
adoration and worship.
“Do you remember what you said after Mom and Dad left for their
honeymoon?”
She didn’t move, but he sensed her withdraw even further. He ran his
hands up and down her arms to stop her from tuning out and escaping in her
mind.
“You said good things don’t happen to you. You were terrified
something would happen that would ruin everything.”
When he clasped her face to force her to look at him, she closed her
eyes in defense. She was trembling, which he took as a good sign. The ice
was cracking. He nuzzled her, encouraging the breakdown.
“Those fears never went away. They’re still here now, controlling you,
trying to control me. This is a blessing, a fucking gift, and you’re treating it
like a curse.” His lips captured the first tear that fell. “I’m not going to let
you do it. I’m not going to let you destroy us. If you want to lie to Mom and
Dad, to your friends, to God, I don’t care, but you can’t lie to me. I know
you better than you know yourself.” He kissed the shell of her ear and
sighed in relief when she shivered. “Tell me you didn’t like what I did to
you. That you didn’t feel painfully alive. You begged me for more.”
She let out a choked sound.
“You want me, too,” he whispered harshly. “I had to force you to suck
me, but in the end, you wanted me to come down your throat.”
When she punched his shoulder, he sat back and saw she was glaring at
him through dripping eyes.
He softened and cupped her face. “Do you really think God is cruel
enough to make us want each other if we weren’t meant to be?”
“It’s a test to resist temptation.” Her voice was raspy from screaming.
“Or a test of our devotion to one another,” he countered.
She shook her head.
“Don’t compare what’s happening between us to King David’s affair
with Bathsheba or those half siblings,” he growled.
She pushed at his chest. “You’re my brother.”
“Not genetically.”
“Legally, we have the same parents.”
“Do the labels matter so much? What if I wasn’t your stepbrother?”
“But you are! And anyway, it’s still not okay! We’re not supposed to
have sex!”
“But getting married would make it right?”
Violet went ghost white.
“You…” she began in a strangled tone but was interrupted by the sound
of the garage door opening.
Violet shoved him hard enough to make him rock back on his heels. She
frantically wiped away her tears and then touched her hair and frowned as if
she’d slept through him braiding it for her. He got to his feet but stole a kiss
to put some color back in her face. He was on his way to the kitchen when
Mom came through the door.
“Hey, kids.”
“Hey, Mom.”
When Jesse kissed her cheek, he caught the relief that passed through
her eyes.
Mom clasped his face. “Are you okay?”
“Never better.”
Mom blinked. “Really?”
“Going to the park put things into perspective and helped me clear my
head.”
He heard Violet’s stifled gasp from the living room, but Mom didn’t
catch it. Mom followed him to the kitchen and perked up when she saw that
everything was done.
“You’re in pajamas already?” Mom asked, plucking at his sweatpants.
“We were sweaty and filthy, so we came home and washed up. Dinner
should be ready in a few minutes. You can shower if you want. I got this.”
Mom patted his chest. “Thanks, son. I think I will. Dad should be home
soon.”
That evening turned out to be busier than any of them anticipated.
Coach Rick didn’t give up. He called the landline to speak to his parents
again, and several teammates stopped by to confirm what they’d heard and
pleaded with Mom and Dad to change their minds. Jesse could see Isaac
teetering on his punishment, but he didn’t ask to be let off the hook.
When Isaac said he had to quit football, he’d been taken aback and
initially pissed before he realized the time he would have spent at practice
or at games could now be dedicated to Violet. If it came down to football or
Violet, he would choose her in a heartbeat. Ultimately, he saw this as
another reward for beating Tucker’s ass.
It took two hours for his friends and teammates to accept defeat. He
stood on the driveway as they let out dejected honks and drove away. Violet
was beside him. She’d been drawn out of the house by the girls who’d come
with their boyfriends or brothers. She was pale and subdued but functioning
well enough that the only question her friends asked had been whether she
was coming down with a cold.
Thanks to his behavior that morning and the parade of visitors, Mom
and Dad were mainly focused on him at dinner. He thought no one noticed
Violet’s listlessness and the fact that she took just a few bites of the taco he
made her until Mom rested her hand on Violet’s arm.
“Honey, are you all right?”
As Violet visibly struggled to come up with a response, he asked, “I
went too hard on you on the trail today, didn’t I?”
Violet gave a little jerk and gaped at him.
“You’re sore, aren’t you?”
He was pleased by the flicker of rebellion in her eyes and charmed by
the blush that hit her cheeks as she shook her head.
He sighed loudly. “Stubborn.”
Violet yelped when he picked her up and snapped, “I’m fine! Put me
down!”
“Don’t be proud,” he chided. “I’ll go easier on you next time.”
“You two,” Mom chuckled as he carried Violet to her bedroom.
He closed the door behind him and made his way to her bed. He flicked
back the covers before he set her down.
“Do you need Ibuprofen?”
“I said, I’m fine,” she said sullenly and stared at the ceiling.
He glanced at the closed door before he decided to climb in beside her.
Violet’s eyes nearly bugged out of her head.
“Are you crazy?” she hissed.
As he stretched out, she rolled to the other side and would have escaped
if he hadn’t dragged her back where she belonged.
“Let me go!”
“Hush,” he said as he gathered her against him and pressed her face
against his throat.
“What are you doing?” she demanded, voice muffled.
“Giving both of us what we need.”
“I don’t want this,” she said, wriggling, until he tightened his arms
around her.
She let out an angry huff and muttered under her breath. The feel of her
lips brushing against his skin made his blood sing. He ignored his body’s
reaction and focused on giving her the comfort that he hadn’t been able to
earlier in the day. He stroked her back, shoulders, and sides as he tried to
soothe the physical trauma he wrought. For long minutes, she was
completely rigid. Nearly fifteen minutes passed before she quivered and
unwillingly collapsed against him.
“I didn’t mean to hurt you,” he murmured.
“But you did.”
Her voice, thick with tears and tainted with fear, made him place kisses
along her hairline.
“I’m sorry, baby.”
“I’ve never seen that side of you before.”
“Me either.”
“You’ve changed.”
“So have you.”
She didn’t deny it. More time passed before the last of her tension
dissolved, leaving her boneless in his arms, just as he intended. He heard
the distant clink of silverware and plates as Mom and Dad cleared the table,
accurately deducing he wasn’t coming back. He cuddled Violet against him,
imagining a future where he could hold her like this without fear of being
reprimanded for doing what felt like the most natural thing in the world to
him. He thought she’d fallen asleep until her hand twisted in his shirt.
“I know this is special,” she whispered.
His heart leapt at her acknowledgement.
She eased back so she could see his face. Her wide, beseeching gaze
made his stomach twist.
“I don’t want to ruin what we have with sex,” she said in a rush.
He bit back a groan. “It won’t,” he began.
“Please, Jesse. Can we try to keep sex out of it and just see if…?”
Despite all he’d said, she was still in denial and trying to reverse the
clock to a time they could never return to. She wanted to keep him at arm’s
length and was instinctively trying to loosen the bonds that sex fortified and
strengthened every time he took her. He wouldn’t allow it. He had every
intention of exploiting their connection until they were so interlocked that
she was a part of him.
As he tried to think of the easiest way to let her down, she cupped his
cheek with a trembling hand.
Eyes sparkling with earnest tears, she said, “I don’t want to lose you.”
Nothing he said would reassure her that they were on the right path. She
believed God would punish her for continuing their relationship by
breaking them and the family apart. He had no intention of allowing either
of those things to happen, but only time would prove him right.
“You’ll never lose me,” he promised.
“You’ll try?” she pushed.
When he hesitated, her eyes welled with tears.
Pity made him say, “Yes.”
Even as her face lit with relief, he knew he wouldn’t keep his promise.

VIOLET.
2 MONTHS LATER.
Violet lay on the couch in the living room with Mom and Dad, who
sat in their individual recliners. Mom graded papers while Dad watched TV
and switched from the news to sports and then an old, black and white
sitcom.
“Isaac!” Mom said, exasperated. “Stop changing the channel. What
about Violet?”
“It’s okay. I’m used to it,” Violet murmured.
And she wasn’t watching anyway. When she was a child and had bad
dreams or wasn’t feeling good, she would sneak into Dad’s bedroom and
sleep on the floor. Just being near him banished the boogie man and made
her feel better. At seventeen, she was hoping their presence would have the
same magical effect, but the feeling of safety and comfort she was seeking
eluded her.
She tensed when she heard a key turn in the front door.
“Hey,” Jesse said as he entered with his backpack, gym bag, and a
sweater slung over one shoulder.
“There he is!” Mom said fondly. “How was basketball practice, son?”
“Long.” Jesse placed a kiss on top of Mom’s head. “I’m starved.”
“You should get cleaned up first. If you hurry, the food on the stove will
still be hot.”
Mom laughed as Jesse ran down the hallway to his room to shower.
“That saying about the way to a man’s heart is through his stomach is
true, isn’t it, Isaac?”
“Yup,” Dad said distractedly.
“What meal did I make that made you fall in love with me?” Mom
asked.
“Hot honey chicken cutlets.”
Mom grinned when she saw Violet watching her. “You’re set, honey.
You already know that recipe by heart.”
“She isn’t dating this year,” Dad said as he changed the channel.
“I know, but that doesn’t mean she can’t keep an eye out for the one,”
Mom said with a wink.
Violet gave Lynne a weak smile before she returned her attention to the
TV. She wasn’t looking for the one and if she stumbled upon him, and he
turned out to be as perfect as she’d always imagined, she’d tell him to find
someone else. Someone who could give him what he was looking for. She
had nothing to offer. The good qualities she’d once possessed had been
wrecked beyond repair.
Her hand fisted under the pillow. Jesse hadn’t kept his promise to keep
sex out of their relationship. He hadn’t even tried. Dad made her easy prey
by not allowing her to attend after school programs, go out on weekends,
and made Jesse her only option to commute to and from school. She was
basically a prisoner, and Jesse took full advantage.
He was relentless in his demands, yet nauseatingly gentle as he pillaged
and plundered. He took every opportunity to wring unwanted orgasms from
her and comforted her when self-loathing got the best of her, and she burst
into tears. Sometimes, when he felt a lick of remorse, he made promises
that he couldn’t keep for more than a few days. It was a hellish cycle of
hope and then crushing disappointment.
His sheer brazenness astounded her. He ambushed her in the most
unlikely places. School wasn’t a safe zone. At any moment, she could be
propelled into an empty computer lab or hustled under the bleachers so he
could have his way with her. The only time she was truly out of his reach
was in class, where she’d dozed off a few times. The stress was taking a toll
on her. Her grades were starting a downward trajectory that she needed to
get hold of before her parents saw her report card.
Jesse had easily worked his way back into their parents’ good graces by
utilizing the skills he picked up from the general contractor to fix things
around the house. Little did Mom and Dad know, he was repairing the holes
he’d made in his bedroom and covered everything up with a fresh coat of
paint. Violet couldn’t deny she’d been relieved when he got rid of the last
reminder from the day he took her virginity.
She was so on hypervigilant, she sensed Jesse enter the room seconds
before he spoke.
“Hey, Mom, how’s Raiden doing?” Jesse called.
Violet tracked Jesse’s voice into the kitchen, listened to the sound of
him opening the cabinet to get a bowl, and heard the clink of the lid being
set on the counter as he dug into the pot on the stove.
“He’s doing a little better, but you can see how exhausted and confused
he is,” Mom said sadly.
Mom gave them frequent updates on Raiden, a student whose parents
were in the midst of a nasty divorce, with the little boy caught in the
middle. Raiden was so miserable, he begged to stay at school instead of
going home.
“That’s too bad,” Jesse said. “I hoped after you talked to the mother,
things would improve.”
“No, she’s too self-involved to see what she’s doing to her son. Poor
Raiden. He hugs me at least ten times a day. It breaks my heart.”
“Maybe I can stop by and play basketball with him after school next
week,” Jesse offered.
Mom’s face lit up. “That would mean the world to him.”
Ambivalent emotions warred in Violet’s chest. How could Jesse be the
monster who had shoved her into the garage when she’d been stupid
enough to get a drink of water after their parents had gone to bed to have
his way with her, and the nice guy willing to take time out of his busy
schedule to play basketball with a child going through a hard time?
Jesse appeared with a bowl cradled in his large hand. She stared at the
TV, not acknowledging him or attempting to make space on the three-seater
couch she sprawled on. She’d hoped he would eat at the table, go to his
bedroom, or sit on the floor where he belonged. Instead, he stood there,
waiting.
As the awkward moment stretched, Mom started to rise from her
recliner.
“You can sit here, son.”
“No need,” Jesse said easily, and lifted Violet’s legs before he sat and
placed her feet on his lap.
Dad frowned at Violet, but she pretended not to notice. She hated that
Jesse had so easily outmaneuvered her. His poise under pressure astounded
her. Jesse had put them in some risky, compromising situations, but his
unruffled composure and well-mannered, caring facade immediately
disarmed authority figures who would have otherwise known he was up to
no good. Could she blame them for buying into his golden boy act? Even
she, who had seen him at his worst, still wanted to believe that the sweet,
supportive older brother she’d known and trusted was still in there
somewhere, despite dozens of incidents that proved otherwise.
She crawled to the other end of the couch and braced her pillow against
the couch arm before she resettled, tucking her legs up so she was no longer
touching him. She didn’t want to be near him, but she also didn’t want to be
alone with her gloomy thoughts. Since their parents were present, Jesse
would be on his best behavior.
“Allison brought you home?” Jesse asked her, ignoring the fact that she
had blatantly ignored him since he walked through the front door.
She inwardly bristled. It was none of his business who gave her a ride
home, but knowing their parents were listening, she had no choice but to
answer. “Yes.”
Jesse hadn’t been happy when Mom and Dad lifted the ban on after
school activities and going out on weekends last week. She leapt on her
reinstated freedom, hitching rides and hanging out with friends whenever
possible. Jesse was further foiled by the start of the basketball season. He’d
been strangely disinterested and reluctant to join, but Mom and Dad
insisted, probably out of guilt for the horrible football season his team had.
When Jesse finished his food, he set his empty bowl aside and shuffled
along the cushions. She tensed as he slipped beneath her oversized blanket.
Debating whether she could tolerate him or bail and go to her room, it was a
horrible shock when he grasped her foot and pulled it onto his lap. She
raised her head to snap at him, but he and Dad were deep in discussion
about the stats the sports announcer rattled off.
She tugged, but his iron grip wouldn’t let her go. She couldn’t believe
his gall. He knew she didn’t want him to touch her and did it anyway. He
was constantly pushing her and took as many liberties as possible with
others present because he knew she wouldn’t cause a scene. He was such an
asshole! She should jam her heel in his balls or crush his fingers with her
toes, but it wasn’t worth ruining the relaxed atmosphere.
She bared her teeth as his calloused thumbs ran along the bottom of her
foot. She bit her lip to stop herself from moaning when he hit a tender spot.
She hated how observant he was. When she stiffened, he lightened the
pressure and when she wriggled her toes, sensing she liked what he was
doing, he lingered. It was ironic that their silent communication was better
than their non-existent verbal communication. She had nothing to say to
him. He didn’t care how she felt or what she wanted. She learned what he
said meant nothing. How could he be so in tune with her in one area and
completely deaf and dumb to her wants and needs in others?
“This is nice,” Mom said, surveying them with a smile.
It was rare for all of them to be together on a Friday evening. The only
reason she hadn’t gone to the mall with Marie and Allison was because she
thought Jesse was going out with Brody and Blaine after practice.
“We should start this weekend off right,” Mom said excitedly. “Anyone
up for a movie?”
Knowing Jesse had to be up bright and early to work with the general
contractor, Violet assumed he would decline. She was annoyed when he
said, “Sure. What should we watch?”
She didn’t offer a suggestion, since she wouldn’t be paying attention.
They debated for a couple of minutes before settling on some action movie.
As Mom turned off the lights and closed the blinds tight, so the only light
came from the screen, Violet tried to remember the last movie night they
had. She used to love huddling under the covers, eating popcorn mixed with
assorted candies. The memories were tattered and slightly out of focus, like
they belonged to someone else.
It was the same four people sitting in the same room in front of the TV,
but the contentment and sense of security she used to feel when surrounded
by family had been replaced with a feeling of stark alienation even though
Mom and Dad were mere feet away. It was like sitting in front of a fire, but
not feeling the warmth of the blaze…
A soft snore made Violet shift her head. She wasn’t surprised to see
Lynne had fallen asleep before the movie finished its opening credits.
“She always does that,” Violet said with a shake of her head.
“She works hard. The moment she lets herself relax, she’s dead to the
world,” Dad said. “Let her sleep.”
Despite herself, Violet found herself drawn into the movie, which was
non-stop action from the opening chase scene. She was so engrossed in the
story that it took a while for her to realize that the massage had stopped, and
she was lying there, relaxed and comfortable, with her feet propped on her
tormentor’s lap.
The moment she tried to pull away, Jesse gripped her shin. He squeezed,
telling her to stay as she was. How dare he? She tipped onto her back to
kick him with her free foot and went rigid when his hand brushed over her
bare thigh.
The TV screen went black as the main character dropped into a tunnel,
plunging the living room into darkness at the same time that Jesse’s hand
slid into the leg of her pajama shorts and cupped her between her legs. She
jerked as if she’d been electrocuted. Her confidence that he wouldn’t make
a move in front of their parents shattered into a million pieces. The sound of
the character cursing and pounding the wall in frustration concealed Violet’s
uncoordinated, frantic bid to get away. She did an awkward backstroke like
a swimmer as panic seared her insides.
An explosion on screen briefly illuminated the room. Her head snapped
between both parents. Their recliners flanked the couch but were slightly in
front of them and angled toward the TV. Mom’s head was sharply tilted,
indicating she was still asleep, while Dad perched on the edge of his seat,
riveted by what was happening on screen. If Dad looked at them, the plush,
oversized blanket draped over her body and Jesse’s lap would conceal what
he was doing, but… How could Jesse be touching her while they were in
the room? Was he insane?
Jesse brought her attention back to him when his thumb slid inside her
satin underwear. In the poor light, she saw Jesse’s head turned toward her.
He wasn’t even trying to pretend he was interested in the movie. She
strained to get away, but when he began to fondle her clit, she started
fighting in earnest. When she savagely yanked on her captive leg, he flicked
her underwear aside and sheathed his middle finger inside of her.
Her gasp was lost in a hail of deafening gunfire on screen. Out of the
corner of her eye, she saw Lynne sit up. Dad snagged the remote to turn
down the volume.
“Too loud?” Dad asked.
“A bit, but that’s why we have those speakers, right? To get the full
effect?” Lynne yawned as she rose and stretched.
Violet clawed the back of Jesse’s hand jammed between her legs. He
made no move to withdraw, even as Lynne started toward them.
Lightheaded with horror, Violet closed her eyes as Lynne kissed Jesse’s
cheek. As her body tightened in reaction to Mom’s nearness, the tip of
Jesse’s finger curled, making her break out in goosebumps.
“Vi’s asleep?” Mom murmured.
“Mm hmm,” Jesse said distractedly, as if he was engrossed in the
movie. “She fell asleep not long after you.”
It took everything she had not to react as Mom leaned over her, so close
to where her son’s fingers were buried inside her. Biting panic engulfed her
as Mom tenderly brushed back her hair.
“Sweet dreams, my sweet girl,” Mom murmured before she moved
away.
“My bed is calling me,” Mom said around a jaw cracking yawn as she
kissed Dad’s cheek.
As Mom shuffled down the hallway, Jesse called, “Sleep tight,” even as
he withdrew his finger and smeared what it was coated with on her clit and
rubbed.
A silent battle commenced with Jesse trying to conquer her body while
she desperately tried to retreat. When his grip slipped on the leg keeping her
captive, she lunged for the lamp on the side table and snapped it on. As light
flooded the room, Dad turned his head and squinted at her.
“Is it okay if I leave the light on?” she panted as she dragged herself to
the opposite end of the couch, safely out of Jesse’s reach.
Even though he clearly wished otherwise, Dad nodded and turned back
to the movie. She buried her face on the arm rest for a moment, grappling
for control over her body, before her eyes cut to Jesse. Her stomach flipped
when he put his middle finger in his mouth. Damn him!
She shot to her feet and froze when Jesse began to rise as well. She had
no doubt that he would follow her. He wouldn’t have touched her with
Mom and Dad present unless he was already past the point of no return.
Knowing the movie would conceal the sounds of whatever he planned to do
to her, she retook her seat. A muscle ticked in his jaw.
She adjusted her pants before she sat as far from him as possible and
huddled in the circle of light to keep the wolf at bay. She ran shaking
fingers through her hair and tried to ignore the telling movements under the
blanket bunched on Jesse’s lap. Was he actually going to…?
When Jesse shot to his feet, Dad’s head whipped around.
“I have to be up early for work,” Jesse stated.
Dad nodded. “I’m surprised you stayed up this long,” he said with a
glance at his watch.
Jesse grunted as Dad turned back to the screen. He stood there, staring
at her for so long, that Dad turned around again.
“You need something, son?”
“No,” Jesse said and stalked down the hallway to his bedroom.
She tucked her legs to the side and dragged the blanket around her once
more, trembling. She couldn’t believe he just did that. He pushed the
boundaries, but he’d never gone this far. Did he have no shame or scruples?
She clamped her thighs together and ignored the low throb between her
legs. She hated the way he’d conditioned her body to respond to him, to
yearn for him. A glance at Dad quelled the desire Jesse tried to ignite.
Would Dad believe her if she told him that the son he was so proud of
was doing the unthinkable to her? Her chest tightened. Although Dad hadn’t
brought it up since it happened, she knew he still blamed her for Jesse
putting Tucker in the hospital. Dad had absolved Jesse, but not her. There
was something in his eyes when he looked at her that told her he suspected
she was no longer innocent. If she got up the courage to tell him what Jesse
was doing, and he didn’t believe her or worse, accused her of being the
problem, it would kill her. She turned off the light as her face crumpled.
“You turning in too, Vi?” Dad asked without turning to look at her.
“No. I’m staying.”
Her shaky tone went unnoticed as the main character made an
impossible, stylish leap from a helicopter.
How many times had she considered confiding in a friend, school
counselor, youth pastor, or therapist who was sworn to secrecy? But who
would believe her? Even she couldn’t believe what was happening. The
only person who would probably take her word for it was the one person
who avoided her like the plague. Tucker had been on the receiving end of a
temper that no one even knew Jesse possessed. Tucker had returned to
school and explained his absence by spinning some tale about being
approached by a record label. His return had briefly stirred up everyone’s
interest in her again, but this time, she didn’t care. She had bigger problems
to deal with—namely, her stepbrother, who everyone idolized and admired
and thought wouldn’t hurt a fly.
By the time the movie ended, she was once more stretched out on the
couch with her head on the arm rest. Dad glanced at her and, when he saw
she was still awake, flicked through a few channels before he settled on
reruns of, I Love Lucy. When she was a kid, Dad only allowed her to watch
old movies and shows so he wouldn’t have to worry about anything explicit
being shown.
They chuckled together as they watched Lucy’s antics. When the
episode ended, Dad got to his feet.
“You’re going to stay up?” he asked.
“Yeah.”
He came over and set the remote by the lamp so she could easily reach
it.
“Night, kiddo.”
“Night, Dad,” she echoed.
She listened to him shuffle down the hallway as another episode began.
She was tired but couldn’t bring herself to go to her room. She turned off
the lamp because the bright light was making her eyes water. She cocked
her head when she heard footsteps making their way to the living room.
Assuming Dad wanted a drink of water or had forgotten something, she
looked up when a dark figure rounded the couch. When she realized it
wasn’t Dad, she opened her mouth to scream. Jesse lunged at her, clapping
a hand over her lips before she could utter a sound.
He leaned down and rested his forehead against hers as he murmured, “I
can’t go another night without you.”
Even as she prepared to bite his palm, he dragged her to the middle of
the couch and flipped her onto her stomach. The blanket was tossed to the
floor before her bottoms were yanked to her knees. Even as she turned her
head to the side to catch her breath, Jesse was already sinking inside her.
She clawed the cushions and kicked her feet as her body struggled to adjust.
“Shh,” he soothed as he came down on top of her.
With her legs clamped together, he felt impossibly large, and though she
was wet, it wasn’t enough. The couch absorbed her groan as he withdrew
and then pushed for more territory.
“Good girl. Almost there,” he praised and ignored her furious hiss.
“God, you feel so good, Vi. So perfect.”
“What the hell are you doing? They could walk in any minute.”
“I jacked off twice and still tossed and turned. My hand won’t do. I need
you. I need this. I’m going crazy. I can’t escape even in sleep because I
dream of you.”
His hands skated down her arms until he reached her hands. Before she
could pull away, he twined their fingers together.
“Do you know what it’s like, never having a moment’s peace? To want
something so badly, you’ll do anything to possess it?”
He shuddered and buried his face in her hair as he sheathed himself
completely.
“Thank you,” he said fervently.
“You’re sick.”
His tongue dipped into her ear before he breathed, “So are you. The
difference between us is, I accept it.”
She screwed her eyes shut as he began to thrust, stabbing deep, making
her toes curl.
“This doesn’t have to be sick. This doesn’t have to be twisted. It can be
beautiful if you’d let it. If you stopped fighting and let us be.” His fingers
tightened around hers. “I can feel you milking me and getting wetter. You
love this.”
She buried her face in the cushions as she tried to deny what he was
saying, but her body wasn’t under her command. It was under his, and it
responded to him, bathing him in honey, welcoming him, while her mind
did everything in its power to block out what was happening.
“You’ve been dodging me all week, denying me, denying yourself. Why
do you do that? You want me to prove how much I want you? How I’m lost
without you?”
Her stomach flipped as he released her hands and dropped off the side
of the couch and pulled her bottom half with him. He positioned her so she
was on her knees on the carpet with him behind her. Unfortunately, her face
landed in the damp spot she’d just made on the cushions.
With a grimace, she straightened. Jesse immediately took advantage of
the position to slide his hands beneath her top. He stroked her stomach and
gripped her breasts as he gave her body time to adjust to him, to prepare for
what was coming. One hand plucked her clit. To her disgust, she rested her
head on his shoulder and spread her legs, giving him more access. He
obliged while he sucked on her neck.
“Tell me you want this,” he said darkly.
That cut through the sexual haze. Awareness crept back in. She yanked
on his arm to get his hand off her breast, but all it got her was a nipple pinch
that suffused her with more unwanted heat.
“Admit it. Just this once,” he begged.
When she remained silent, his teeth sank into her shoulder.
“So stubborn,” he growled and shoved her face into cushions that
smelled of her weakness before his control disintegrated.
He blanketed her body with his as he began to move with hard, sure
strokes. The only sound she could hear aside from Jesse’s uneven breaths
was Lucy wailing on the television. Between the hard, rhythmic smacking
of their flesh and the TV, it was impossible to hear anyone approach. She
prayed Mom and Dad were sound asleep as Jesse straightened and hauled
her back with every thrust, so she took every inch, growling like an animal,
desperately trying to meld them together.
Sensing he was close, she compounded her sins by touching herself to
reach her own orgasm.
“Yeah, baby. Come with me,” he said harshly as he picked up his pace.
When he climaxed, he folded over her, gasping her name. She ignored
him as she chased her own orgasm, which was just out of reach. Jesse
brushed her hand aside, strumming her clit, and encouraged her to impale
herself on him until she shattered. He held her as she trembled, first with
elation and, less than a minute later, with the familiar slap of shame and
guilt. No matter what she did to foil him, they always ended here.
Jesse withdrew slowly. She pressed her thighs together and wasn’t
surprised when his hand slipped through his semen, pushing it back in
before spreading it over her ass and lower back.
When he got to his feet, her mind urged her to get up, dress, and clean
herself, but she couldn’t move. She sensed Jesse leave the room and heard
his bedroom door close seconds later. Even as the studio audience laughed,
Violet wept.

VIOLET.
FOUR MONTHS LATER.
Thumbs hooked under her backpack straps; Violet stood at the end
of the driveway. Luck was on her side. Mom left early this morning to
decorate her classroom for spring, allowing Violet to change up her
commute without Mom asking questions.
As her neighbor passed with his dog, he nodded to Violet while also
giving her a slightly puzzled look that made her blush. Embarrassed, but
determined to follow through with her plan, she stared at the end of the
street, willing her ride to appear and save her from going with…
“What are you doing?”
She stiffened, but didn’t turn around to address the bane of her
existence.
“I’m waiting,” she said, stating the obvious.
“I see that. Waiting for what?”
“I’m catching the bus to school.”
She was grateful they were in plain view of their neighbors who were
heading to work or taking out the trash. It meant that she had countless
witnesses if Jesse did something foul. He wouldn’t, of course. He saved his
reprehensible behavior for when they were behind closed doors. In public,
his manners were impeccable.
“You’re not catching the bus.”
She tightened her grip on her straps. “Mom already left for work. She
won’t know we didn’t ride together.”
“But Dad will. He asked me what you’re doing out here.”
She whirled and spotted her father standing in the window with his
coffee mug in hand. Damn. She hadn’t thought to look in the garage to see
if his truck was there. She assumed he was at work.
“You want to tell him what’s going on or are you going to get in the
car?”
Jesse’s taunt made her vision bleed to red. He asked that question like
he had nothing to hide, as if his future didn’t depend on her keeping their
secret. He should be kissing her ass, not provoking her. The fact that he was
so certain she wouldn’t tell anyone made her so angry, she couldn’t speak.
She wanted to. She should! But, as miserable as she was, she couldn’t bring
herself to get help.
On days like today, when Jesse pushed her to her breaking point, her
mind played out every possible outcome. None of them ended well. If she
released her pain, it would spread like a disease, infecting her family,
rocking their church, and sending shockwaves through their tight-knit
community. Nothing would ever be the same. Better to compartmentalize.
To suppress her inner turmoil and believe that Jesse would come to his
senses and stop. Also, confiding in someone meant explaining what was
happening to her and… she just couldn’t. That would make it all too real.
“Come on, Vi.”
Jesse had the audacity to look exasperated with her, as if she had no
grounds to be upset about what he did to her fifteen minutes ago.
“Violet?”
She broke eye contact with Jesse to see Dad standing on the front steps.
“Is something wrong?”
Bottled up emotions tore up her insides, making her eyes water.
Dad’s expression darkened. “What is it?”
Her mouth worked before she finally got out, “Jesse pissed me off. I
want to catch the bus instead of riding with him.”
Dad blinked, clearly surprised. She and Jesse rarely quarreled. There
had been no need to in the past.
“Jesse?” Dad prompted with a frown.
“I’ll make it up to her.”
Her skin prickled as Jesse gave that ominous promise.
“Avoiding your problems isn’t going to solve anything,” Dad
admonished, shaking his head. “I taught you better than that. Settle it on the
way to school. I’m sure Jesse didn’t mean to upset you.”
The pressure in her chest increased. A scream vibrated at the base of her
throat.
Dad tossed Jesse a set of keys. “Take the truck. I need the SUV today.”
Dad gave her a level look. “Be good.”
The subtle rebuke made it clear that he thought she was overreacting
and being childish. Dad walked into the house. Several seconds later, the
garage rolled up to reveal the truck that was almost as old as she was. It
took a minute for her to have enough control to stalk to the truck instead of
having a meltdown. Jessie didn’t fetch his bag until she was settled in the
passenger seat.
She buckled up and twisted her hand in the dark blue seat belt as the
yellow school bus she’d been waiting for cruised past. All she wanted was a
moment’s respite from him, but it seemed like the world was conspiring
against her.
Jesse didn’t say a word as he started the truck and reversed out of the
garage. Silence reined between them as they left their neighborhood. Her
stomach was tight as a fist.
“Did I hurt you?”
He meant physically, but he didn’t have to leave a bruise on her skin to
hurt her. Marks made in passion would fade. It was the hundreds of
invisible, razor-thin emotional cuts he inflicted that she knew would scar
and haunt her for the rest of her life.
“Does it matter?”
He ran a hand through his hair. “I didn’t mean to hurt you. That wasn’t
my intention.”
“What was your intention?”
A muscle ticked in his jaw. “You know.”
To scratch his itch before he started his day? She didn’t fight back when
he cornered her in the bathroom, ushered her into the tub, and pinned her
against the tiles to ravage her. She didn’t resist when he pushed her to her
knees and fucked her mouth. It was only after he’d left her kneeling in the
tub with her face dripping, and she heard Mom singing in the kitchen, that
she snapped out of her daze and retched.
She wasn't sure why this morning was different from the others. He’d
done far more demeaning things, but today it struck her how truly warped
their relationship had become. The fact that they hadn’t exchanged a word
during that whole encounter, and he left the moment he achieved his goal,
made her realize he’d truly turned into Amnon. He didn’t loathe her, but he
was addicted to using her to slake his lust and didn’t care how that impacted
her. Their relationship has turned into a sour, tangled, depraved mess.
Jesse had changed. He no longer cajoled. He no longer petted and
stroked to prepare her for him. The affection she’d come to expect from him
had vanished. She was just a body to him. No one seemed to notice that his
smile wasn’t the same, that he rarely laughed, and there was a hardness to
him that hadn’t been there before. When they were alone, and he wasn’t
wearing a mask, she was chilled by what she saw in his eyes. Her brother
was gone and in his place was a stranger, one capable of anything.
When Jesse took the wrong exit, she gave him a sharp glance. “Where
are we going?”
“For a drive.”
Her blood turned to ice. “No!”
“We need to talk.”
Talk? That was something they no longer did. Their commutes to and
from school were done in complete silence. The only time they casually
conversed was while hanging out with mutual friends or around their
parents. If they were alone, Jesse was too focused on getting her on her
back to ask about her day or hopes and dreams.
“We have nothing to talk about.”
His hand flexed on the wheel. “We do.”
She flung her hand in front of her. “So, talk! Why are we leaving
Austin?”
“I don’t want us to be interrupted, and I need to clear my head.”
“We’re going to be late for school.”
“We’ll make it back in time. We aren’t going far.”
She twisted her hand in the folds of her light sweater as they traded the
congested, six lane freeways for a two-lane highway. At this hour, everyone
was headed into the city for work and school, while she and Jesse sped in
the opposite direction.
Despite Jesse’s reassurance that they weren’t going far, they were going
further than she was comfortable with. She considered calling Mom and
Dad to tell them Jesse had lost his mind, when he finally slowed and turned
off the main highway onto an unmarked dirt road.
“Where are we?”
“We’re almost there,” he yelled as they rattled down the pitted road.
“Almost where?” she demanded, clutching the door handle.
“Here,” he said as they rounded a bend.
Trees gave way to rolling flatlands covered in a blanket of bluebonnets
that stretched as far as the eye could see. Taking photos amidst the
wildflowers was a rite of passage for locals who flocked to every park,
field, and even along the highway in hopes of getting the perfect shot.
As Jesse pulled off the road, she rolled down her window to admire the
cerulean beauties. Until that moment, she hadn’t realized what a gorgeous
day it was. The morning chill was giving way to what promised to be a
warm spring day. Birds chirped to one another. There was no sound of cars
or people, just a lone farmhouse in the distance. The scene was so idyllic, it
looked like a painting.
“Logan’s aunt lives at the end of this lane,” Jesse said. “I thought you’d
enjoy seeing this.”
“It’s stunning,” she murmured as she closed her eyes and tipped her face
to the sun.
Her worries about getting to school on time and why they were here
dissolved. Minutes passed in blessed silence. When she opened her eyes,
she blinked back tears. She wasn’t sure why. She braced her chin on her
arms and stared at a sea of blue so dense, she imagined she could swim in
it.
“Violet.”
Her bubble of tranquility popped. Tension crept back in. Anxiety stole
the sun’s warmth from her face.
“What?” she said woodenly.
“I’m sorry if I went too far this morning.”
The clean taste of toothpaste was canceled out by the aftertaste of
betrayal, which tasted like bitter grapefruit. “But that isn’t going to stop you
from doing it again, is it?”
A pause and then, “No.”
She swung around to face him as her chest quaked. “You have to stop!
You can’t do this anymore! Don’t you see what it’s doing to us?”
His expression was pained as he held his hands out to her in
supplication. “I’ve tried, Vi. I—”
“Try harder!” she bellowed.
His Adam’s apple bobbed as he swallowed. “I swear I am. But the more
I resist, the more I try to push it down…” His hand balled into a fist. “The
worse it is when I lose control.”
“This isn’t normal, Jesse. It’s wrong!”
His expression hardened. “It could be right if you’d...” He looked away
from her, down the empty road.
“If I what? Gave into you? Did whatever you wanted? Isn’t that what
I’ve been doing? What more do you want?”
“I want you to want me back!”
His bellow made her heart stop.
“You think it’s enough to have your body?” he asked harshly. “To have
you give into me?” He shook his head. “I thought that would be enough,
too, but it isn’t. I hate the way you look at me. The way you stiffen up when
I touch you when I know a part of you wants it.” His hand slashed through
the air. “Needs it just as much as I do. I want you to let yourself want me
back, Vi, and stop punishing us.”
“I don’t want you.” Her voice wasn’t as adamant as she intended.
His eyes narrowed. “Don’t lie. It isn't always force. Most of the time,
you’re wet before I even touch you. Three days ago, you were rocking back
so hard on my dick, I had to brace myself. What—”
“That’s my body, not me!” she shrieked.
“Your body,” he repeated in a flat tone.
“Yes!”
He stared at her for a full minute before he said, “You’re not going to
give in, are you?”
“Did I fight you this morning?” she asked waspishly.
He dismissed that with a wave of his hand, as if it was of no
consequence. Rage licked the walls of her mind.
“I mean, you’re not going to admit what’s between us,” he clarified.
“What’s between us is gone! You destroyed it!”
His hand, still on the steering wheel, went white as he gripped it,
making the veins on the back of his hand stand out.
“I didn’t destroy it,” he said roughly. “I embraced it, surrendered to it.
Your fear of change, of Mom and Dad and God made this into something
bad, but it isn’t. This is a goddamn gift.”
His eyes gleamed with zeal, sending a trickle of alarm through her.
“Dad said what isn’t meant to be, God won’t allow. God isn’t stopping
us from being together. He would have intervened in some fashion by now,
don’t you think? No matter what you do, God keeps pushing you toward
me. He wouldn’t even let you catch the bus! He brought us here so we
could talk. Why can’t you see that you’re the only thing stopping us from
being everything we’re meant to be? Of being happy?”
“Don’t you dare use God to justify your behavior. The only reason
you’ve gotten away with it is because you’re so good at fooling people, and
I’m too weak to...” Her throat constricted as despair and rage warred within
her. “You…” Eyes burning, she bowed her head as she desperately tried to
regain control.
“It’s not because you’re weak. You haven’t told anyone because you
love me.”
Her head jerked up. “Love?” She could barely get the word out. How
dare he say that to her?
“You love me,” he stated with such unshakeable confidence that she
wanted to scratch his eyes out. “Deep down, you know we’re supposed to
be together. You wouldn’t respond to anyone else the way you do to me.”
“That’s not true.” The moment the words left her mouth, she regretted
it.
“What’s not true?”
His voice was calm, but she knew he was anything but.
She licked dry lips and couldn’t resist casting a nervous glance around,
but there wasn’t a soul in sight. “I think we should go.”
“What’s not true?” he repeated.
When she didn’t speak, he leaned toward her.
“It’s not true that you only respond to me?”
She plucked at her jeans. He reached across the bench seat and gripped
her chin, eyes glittering with the threat of violence.
“If I find out you allowed anyone to touch you, I’d kill them.”
“No one has!” She swatted at his hand, which only held her tighter. “I’m
not allowed to date, and I don’t want anyone, including you! In fact, I think
you should start dating again.”
“Date.”
His voice was flat and emotionless.
“Yes, date. Have sex with other girls.” She lifted her chin in challenge.
“If I loved you, if I believed we were supposed to be together, would I push
you toward someone—anyone else?”
The hand on her chin fell away. She was about to reach for her
backpack to retrieve her phone when she saw his eyes glistening with tears.
Her stomach flipped. She couldn’t remember the last time she’d seen him
cry. She was horrified by the overwhelming need to apologize and comfort
him. What the hell was wrong with her? He’d hurt her immeasurably and
broken promise after promise. Why the hell should she care that something
she said had finally gotten through to him? She shouldn’t care.
But she did.
“You hate me,” he said quietly.
She swallowed hard.
“If you hate me, say it.”
She opened her mouth, but nothing came out. Her voice deserted her
when she needed it most.
His expression softened. “You want to hate me, but you can’t.”
“Stay back,” she ordered as he reached for her.
“I’m not going to hurt you,” he crooned and gripped her leg and tugged,
stretching her out on the bench seat with him hovering over her.
He ignored the hands that braced against his chest and rested his
forehead against hers.
“You don’t want me with someone else.”
“Y-yes, I do!” she choked.
“Okay, baby,” he said, clearly humoring her.
“I really do!” she insisted as he stroked her hair. “I’m serious. Get what
you need from someone else. I’ll interview them! I know what kinky shit
you’re into. I can find a skanky—”
His mouth covered hers. The kiss was hard and punishing, but when she
stopped struggling, it immediately gentled. He began to kiss her tenderly,
reverently, as he hadn’t done for weeks. It was a shock, considering how
he’d used her less than an hour ago. Her body quivered in delight, starved
for affection and connection.
She tried to escape mentally, but Jesse wasn’t rushing. He wasn’t
rushing to get off or worried about being discovered. His tongue tangled
lazily with hers and enticed her to engage. She was drawn in by the taste of
something sweet. What was that? Eager to erase the bitterness in her mouth,
she allowed her tongue to dance with his and ignored his pleased hum. He’d
eaten an apple for breakfast. Curiosity appeased, she tried to disengage, but
Jesse didn’t allow it.
He kept her mouth busy as he kissed her ten different ways—indulgent,
deep, teasing, arousing. She couldn’t keep up and was further distracted
when his hand slipped beneath her sweater and covered her breast. By the
time he raised his head and allowed her to catch her breath, her mind was
spinning.
“You want me to kiss other girls like this?” he murmured as his lips
drifted over her face.
She tried to gather her wits as he bunched her sweater under her chin.
Even as she registered the cool chill on her bare skin, Jesse tucked the cup
of her bra beneath her left breast. When he flicked her nipple with his
tongue, she jerked like she’d been lashed with a whip.
“I love when your breasts get sensitive close to your period,” he said
before he latched onto her nipple.
He pinned her arms to the seat as she hissed and arched and bit back the
urge to beg for mercy. It wouldn’t make a difference to him. It never did.
Despite his claims that God was on his side, she refused to believe it and
prayed for divine intervention. Maybe the people in the farmhouse would
get curious about why they were parked here and come investigate. Or
perhaps a passerby would peek in, thinking they had car trouble or
something had gone wrong. She strained to hear the rumble of a car, but all
she could hear was the wet sounds of Jesse suckling and her own pathetic
whimpering.
“You love this,” he said raggedly, and turned his head from side to side,
so her nipple dragged along his lips. “I could do this to you all day. You’re
so beautiful. A meadow of bluebonnets is nothing compared to you.” He
nuzzled her breast as he muttered, “I had girls offer me everything. I
couldn’t bring myself to take, even though I was desperate for relief. I’d
rather be tortured in your presence and have you see me as a brother, then
sink my dick into someone and try to picture your face while I’m with her. I
need the real thing. I need you, Violet. No one else will do.”
She tipped her head back to look out the open window and tried to
follow the progress of slow-moving clouds as Jesse moved to her other
breast. When she couldn’t take anymore, she kicked her legs in frustration.
“Jesse!”
He eased the pressure and finally released her breast. He admired how
puckered and swollen it was and peppered it with kisses before he buried
his face between them.
“This has been hell.”
His voice was muffled against her skin as he stroked her sides.
“I don’t want it to be like this between us.”
But it was, and there was no going back to the way it had been. Maybe
in the beginning, they could have restored their relationship, but they’d
gone too far. Their bond was so mangled, she couldn’t imagine them having
a relationship that was even remotely normal or healthy.
“I didn’t intend to do this,” he said, kissing the side of her breast. “I
brought you here so we could talk about the future.”
She stiffened. “What future?”
Jesse lifted his head and searched her face. “Ours.”
She gaped at him.
“I’m going to graduate soon. I wanted to talk about what we should—”
“We?”
She shoved him hard enough to make him blink.
“Get off me!” she snapped.
He sighed. “Calm down.”
“You calm down! Get the hell off me before I scream my head off.”
It wasn’t a huge threat, considering the isolated setting, but Jesse rose
and sat behind the wheel as she shot up and hastily fixed her bra and yanked
her sweater down.
“There’s nothing to discuss with me. You’re going to graduate and go
off to college in another city or, better yet, out of state. I’ll finish school and
go my own way. Our futures aren’t the same.”
He stared at her, expression unreadable.
“There is no we or our or us. What we had, what we were, is gone.
You…” She swallowed hard, eyes stinging with tears. “You hurt me more
than anyone else. I trusted you. I never thought you of all people would
ever…”
When he reached for her, she recoiled and wrapped her arms around
herself.
“I want this to be over. I need it to be over.” A tear slid down her cheek.
“I need you gone.”
“You don’t mean that,” he whispered.
He was clearly gutted. She ruthlessly stomped out the flurry of weak
emotions that told her she’d gone far enough, that it wasn’t the Christian
way to repay evil with evil. She was supposed to overcome evil with good,
but she didn’t have that in her. All she had was anger. Lots of it. Months of
suppressed rage and shame and helplessness erupted, spewing like hot lava.
She had to get it out, to let him know how she saw him, and that there was
no future where they were together.
“What’s between us isn’t a gift, it’s poison,” she said hoarsely. “It’s
corrupt and rotten, and nothing good has come from it. You think if it felt so
good, if we were meant to be, that I would spend an hour scrubbing my
body every time you touch me and still never feel clean?”
He went very still. She hardened her heart against the anguish creeping
into his expression. This was her moment to end this once and for all, and
she was going to see it through, even if it destroyed them both in the
process.
“I hate that I can’t look Dad in the eye. I hate that I have to watch every
word I say because I’m terrified I’ll let something slip. I hate that you were
my first and that you conditioned my body to respond to you.”
She trembled under the tremendous, crushing weight on her shoulders.
“You think what’s stopping me from telling someone is love, but it isn’t
love for you. It’s love for Lynne. Knowing what you are would destroy
her.”
“What am I?”
A tear slipped down her cheek as she said, “You’re a monster.”
His expression went blank, his vulnerability and agony vanishing so
quickly, she wasn’t sure it had been there at all. Silence reined. A bird
swooped in front of the truck before it flapped away, chirping gaily. A
breeze caused fine tendrils of hair to slide across her face.
“Say it, Vi.”
She knew what he wanted to hear and finally had the strength to.
“You’re right. I don’t hate you.” For just a moment, she saw hope flash
in his eyes before she finished, “I feel nothing for you at all.”
He didn’t move a muscle, but the hairs on her arms stood up as
something evil and inhuman stared out of Jesse’s eyes. She got her first
glimpse of the demon that lurked within him the day Jesse took her by the
river. Recently, she’d begun to see him more frequently, as Jesse was ruled
by his lustful appetites. The demon that used to possess him at night was
now visible in broad daylight. He and Jesse were now one.
“I really tried, Violet,” Jesse said ruefully, lips curved in a mocking
smile as his eyes burned with wrath. “I tried for you, but I guess it wasn’t
good enough.”
She clutched the door handle, heart pumping, as he cocked his head,
examining her clinically.
“Telling a monster you feel nothing for him isn’t very smart,” he
pointed out.
She stopped breathing.
“It gives him no incentive not to act like one.”
Even as he reached for her, she shoved the door open and fell out of the
truck. This was all horrifically familiar, but this time, she knew what he was
capable of. Even as she scrambled to her feet and reached for her backpack
to grab her cell phone, he slid across the seat after her.
For a split second, she considered trying to reason with him, but a
glimpse of the bloodlust carved into his face convinced her fleeing was her
only option. She plunged into the field of bluebonnets, her aim the lone
farmhouse in the distance. She waved her hands, hoping someone was
looking out of the window and would realize something was terribly wrong.
She would have screamed in hopes that anyone within earshot would come
to the rescue, but she didn’t have time to haul in a breath when she could
hear him gaining ground behind her. He was an athlete. Strong, fast. She
would never make it.
Even as the thought crossed through her mind, Jesse tackled her from
behind. The impact sent her sprawling in a patch of fluffy bluebonnets that
cushioned her fall. She scrambled on her hands and feet, trying to get away.
When Jesse hauled her back, Dad’s training kicked in. She balled her fist
and swung with all her might. Jesse dropped like a stone when she punched
him in the ear.
Breath ragged, she continued on. As she stumbled through the
wildflowers, she glanced back at the road. Her stomach lurched when she
realized how far away she was. The farmhouse was her only hope. Out of
the corner of her eye, she saw Jesse straighten. Panic gave her extra
strength. She ran full out, faster than she ever had. It was life or death. She
could do this.
She was close enough now to make out more details of the house. The
porch had a swing and pots of pink and yellow flowers. Whoever lived
there was a good person. They would help her if they were home. God,
please help me, she begged. Prove Jesse wrong. Save me. If You do, I swear
I’ll… she was struck down again before she could strike a bargain with
God.
Jesse took the brunt of the fall and this time, kept his arms around her
instead of knocking her off balance. They rolled. He pinned her clawed
hand to the ground and leaned over her, gold cross swinging. His eyes were
alight. She would never forget the strange formation of clouds dotting the
sky, being hemmed in by cheery bluebonnets, and the look on Jesse’s face
as he looked down at her.
Time stopped.
“Jesse?” she panted.
He leaned down, kissed her forehead, and murmured, “Lord, forgive me
for what I’m about to do.”
Violet lay on a bed of crushed wildflowers. She was naked. She
knew that should bother her, but she couldn’t find the will to care. Nothing
mattered. Not anymore.
A figure appeared in her line of sight. She didn’t bother focusing on
Jesse. Instead, she admired a cloud that resembled an elephant head. That
was more interesting than anything Jesse had to say. She hadn’t been honest
when she said she didn’t feel anything for him, but it had been a selffulfilling prophecy because now she really didn’t. He’d given her glimpses
of the monster within, but he proved beyond a shadow of a doubt that her
brother was truly gone. They could never go back to what they’d been.
Ever.
Jesse pulled her into a sitting position so he could slip a shirt over her
head. Gently, he pulled her to her feet. The shirt was so large, it covered her
to mid-thigh. When he crouched to pick her up, she hung lifelessly over his
shoulder and spotted her torn peach-colored sweater and stained jeans
clutched in his hand. She closed her eyes as her stomach rocked.
Her head spun as he settled her in the passenger seat of the truck.
Automatically, she pulled the seatbelt across her chest and clicked it in. She
pressed her feet together, noting that she was missing a sock. She stared
down the dirt road that hadn’t brought one car across their path.
Jesse opened the glove box in front of her and pulled out one of Dad’s
red paisley bandanas. He splashed it with water before he began to clean
her face. His hands were trembling, and although he was talking, it sounded
like gibberish to her. She couldn’t hear anything over the echoes of her
piercing screams ricocheting around in her head, interspersed with static. If
she had the will to speak, she would have asked him for water to rinse out
the taste of blood, semen, and dirt in her mouth. Instead, she let him scrub
her face until he gave up and rounded the truck to climb into the driver’s
seat.
The moment the truck began to move, she deflated, closing her eyes and
slumping against the door. It seemed that she closed her eyes for a minute.
When she opened them, Jesse was tugging her out of the truck, into a pit.
She flailed before her eyes adjusted and she recognized their surroundings.
They were in their garage with the door already down, which is why it was
so dark. Her sluggish heart leapt.
“Dad’s not home,” Jesse murmured as he toted her into the house.
She had a feeling of déjà vu as he placed her in the tub. This time, she
wasn’t shellshocked and heartbroken. She was coherent and functional, but
her emotions had been switched off. She was grateful.
In contrast, Jesse fluttered around her, his unshakeable poise, gone. His
face was drawn and the glassy horror in his blue eyes warmed her because
this time it was he who was rattled. He manically scrubbed her down and
seemed obsessed with cleaning every nook and cranny, even cleaning inside
her ears like she was a child.
When he tried to dress her in a nightgown, she reached for jeans and a
top.
“Violet.”
“I’m going to school.”
He said nothing, just stood there in jeans and nothing else.
“You don’t have to take me,” she said.
He spun on his heel and disappeared into the bathroom. She hummed as
she stared at her array of underwear. What color did she want to wear? She
was still trying to decide when Jesse reappeared, clean and fully dressed.
She frowned.
“It’s been fifteen minutes,” he said.
“Oh.”
He swallowed. “I think you should stay here.”
“No.” She had to go to school where her friends were. Where she felt
safe, even if it was just for a little while. She couldn’t stay at home, in her
bedroom. She would lose it.
Jesse didn’t argue. He selected white underwear and held it out for her
to step into. He pulled them up without copping a feel or doing anything
else lecherous and dressed her in jeans and a gray hoodie.
She led the way back to the garage and climbed into the truck. Jesse
stared at her through the windshield for what seemed to be forever before
he got in. The garage door opened, flooding the space with light.
She had no idea what time it was, but traffic hour had passed. Even
though there was a clock on the dashboard, she couldn’t bring herself to
look at it. Her surroundings seemed sharper, brighter, more vibrant.
“I’m sorry.”
Jesse’s croak made no impact on her.
“I swear, I—”
“Shut up.”
Her voice sounded as empty and hollow as she felt.
“I don’t know what’s happening to me. Something in my head just
snapped.”
“You should seek help,” she advised coolly.
Jesse turned into the school parking lot. There was no one around since
everyone was in class. She reached for her backpack and ignored her filthy
clothes on the floorboard.
“Violet.”
She glanced at him. The monster was gone. In his place was a
tormented teenager. If she didn’t know any better, she would have thought
he was the one who’d been attacked. He was pale, sweating, and looked
devastated. He’d aged five years in a matter of hours.
“Report me,” he ordered.
His words sliced through the blessed numbness and zapped some of her
dead emotions back to life.
Jesse blinked rapidly as his eyes filled with tears. “You should get help.
I’ve gone too far. I’ll accept the consequences, whatever they are.”
He leaned over, gripped her face between both hands, and kissed her. It
was an apology, a goodbye.
He pulled back, whispered, “I love you,” and gave her one last, hungry
kiss before he hopped out of the truck and slammed the door behind him.
He stalked toward school without a backpack, hands in his pockets. She
sat there for several seconds before she slipped out, shouldered her
backpack, and headed in the opposite direction.
As she opened the door of a building, the bell rang. Students flooded the
hallways. Everyone walked around her like she wasn’t even there. No one
called out her name or tried to stop her from reaching her destination. Her
feet felt like they were in blocks of cement. The closer she got to the office,
the more she felt like she couldn’t breathe.
“Honey, can I help you?”
Violet stared at the smiling office clerk behind the desk. The woman had
short, curly hair, and pink hibiscus earrings. The woman looked so cheerful
and warm, like nothing bad had ever happened to her, while Violet felt like
she had been hacked to pieces with a machete and was about to fall apart.
The woman’s smile faded. “Honey, are you okay?”
Violet nodded, even as tears began to slip down her face. The woman
rushed around the counter and rubbed her hands up and down Violet’s arms.
“What’s going on, dear? What’s happened?”
“I…”
Violet gulped back tears. This was it. This was her moment. All she had
to do was tell the nice lady what had happened to her—what had been
happening to her for six months, and it would be over. She had proof—
semen in her mouth, pussy, ass. She was raw, bruised, and had his DNA
under her fingernails. Her scratches would be all over his body, and his
tongue was still swollen from her biting it. This was the right thing to do—
what he’d urged her to do for both their sakes.
But she couldn’t do it.
“I think I have my period and stained my pants,” she wailed.
The woman’s face cleared. “Oh, honey, we’ve all been there. It’s going
to be okay. Come, let me help you.”
Violet was curled up on the front seat of the truck when the
driver’s door opened. Jesse stared at her for a minute before he slid in and
rested his hand on her head. She whimpered like a wounded animal as tears
slipped out of raw, swollen eyes.
Once the sweet lady in the office gave her a tampon and reassured her
that her pants weren’t stained, she trudged back to the truck and collapsed
on the seat. She lay there for hours, trying to gather the strength to go in and
tell her story, but she couldn’t move. She listened to the bells ring, knowing
she was running out of time, and now it was over.
Jesse didn’t tell her to sit up and put on her seatbelt as he started up the
truck. As he drove, his hand sifted through her hair, stroked her cheek, and
rubbed her quivering back while she sobbed.
Once Jesse parked the truck in the garage, he cradled her in his arms.
She was too distraught to care if their parents were home but figured neither
of them were when Jesse slid into bed with her.
He held her as she cried and beat her fists against his chest and
screamed that she hated him. He didn’t say a word. He let her rage and
when it was over, he undressed her and tended to every mark he’d left
behind.
It didn’t surprise her when he eased himself inside of her. He didn’t
move, he just petted and nuzzled her. But she didn’t want to be placated.
She needed a release, an outlet for all the horrible things going on inside of
her that were tearing her apart.
When she shoved him onto his back, he didn’t resist. She rode him,
setting a brutal pace that went on and on because her mind was too fucked
up to let her climax. In the end, Jesse helped push her over the edge. When
she collapsed on top of him, he held her until her breathing had evened out,
and she was still and quiet. He didn’t seek an orgasm for himself, but kissed
her forehead, tucked the blankets around her, and left.
Violet turned on her side, stared at the far wall, and felt absolutely
nothing.

JESSE.
3 WEEKS LATER.
“I can’t take it anymore. What’s going on between you two?”
Jesse stopped in his tracks and turned to face Mom, who stood in the
entrance of the kitchen, hands on hips.
“Vi,” Mom said sharply as Violet tried to escape into the hallway.
Violet halted but kept her back to them.
Mom looked back and forth between them before she demanded, “What
happened?”
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Dad’s head turn from the TV.
Unease tripped down Jesse’s spine, but he kept his face blank as Mom
continued.
“From the moment you two came home from school until you went to
sleep, you used to spend every moment together. I could hear you talking
and laughing for hours, and now…” Mom swept her hands in the empty
expanse between them. “You barely exchange a word. Isaac mentioned that
disagreement you had a few weeks ago that made Violet so upset that she
wanted to ride the bus?”
Mom shot Jesse a quizzical look, clearly expecting him to explain, but
he remained silent.
“I thought you two worked it out, and we were all just busy—you,
Jesse, with baseball, and Vi spending most of her time with Georgia and
Allison because of that science project. But now, I know something’s
wrong.”
Mom stopped, giving them the opportunity to confirm or deny her
charge. Jesse slipped his hands into his pockets and gave Violet time to
answer for both of them. He’d known this moment would come. It was only
a matter of time before someone confronted Violet about her ghostlike
appearance and the fact that she’d gone mute. Her fire, which had always
been so much a part of her, had been extinguished.
Come on, baby. You can do it, he silently urged. He couldn’t stand the
suspense. Every day he wondered if it was going to be his last of freedom.
Every time a stranger appeared in his classroom doorway or at practice, he
wondered if Violet finally plucked up the courage to do the right thing, only
for each instance to be a false alarm that left him drenched in cold sweat.
The emotional roller coaster was exhausting. He wanted his fate decided.
Waiting for the axe to fall was intolerable.
“Jesse?”
The uncertainty in Mom’s tone sliced through his gut. Mom had always
trusted him implicitly, but he glimpsed her bewilderment and a hint of
apprehension. Had the incident with Tucker made Mom realize that she
didn’t know him as well as she thought, which meant he could be
responsible for Violet’s drastic personality change?
“Violet.”
At Isaac’s stern tone, Violet stirred. She turned, revealing a bloodless
face and eyes so glassy and empty that Jesse looked away.
“Tell me this has nothing to do with Tucker,” Dad ordered.
“This has nothing to do with Tucker,” Violet parroted in a flat
monotone.
Dad relaxed and glanced at Jesse. “You said you’d make it up to her.”
He cleared his dry throat. “I tried.”
Dad switched his gaze back to Violet. “That wasn’t good enough?”
Jesse tensed. “It’s not her fault. It’s mine,” he interjected swiftly.
Isaac’s focus didn’t waver from Violet. “I can’t recall the last time I
heard you two argue, much less fight. What could Jesse have done to make
you hold such a grudge?”
Jesse felt like his heart was being squeezed in a vice. It took every
ounce of self-control he possessed not to fidget as he waited for Violet to
respond, but she said nothing.
“Ephesians 4:26 says not to let the sun go down on your anger. You’ve
let this go on for weeks,” Isaac said quietly. “The devil is always looking
for an opportunity to come into a family and cause discord, to divide and
conquer. There’s nothing Jesse could have done that can’t be forgiven.”
“Dad,” Jesse stressed, but Isaac ignored him and continued his lecture.
“Matthew 6:14 says if you forgive others, God will also forgive you. No
one is perfect. Give Jesse grace, Vi, so one day someone will do the same
for you.” Isaac paused a moment to let that sink in before he continued,
“Jesse’s running to the church to pick up supplies for the work we’re doing
on the McMillan’s house tomorrow. Go with him. Talk. Bury this once and
for all. If you can’t resolve your issues, Mom and I will get involved, and
we shouldn’t have to. You two are adults now. Act like it.” Isaac jerked his
chin. “Go change, Vi. Jesse’s leaving in five minutes.”
When Violet didn’t move to obey Isaac’s order, the tension in the room
thickened. Jesse sensed Violet wrestling with herself. His heart thudded in
his ears as he waited for her to break her silence and condemn him. Isaac
scooted to the edge of his seat, clearly ready to deal with this on his feet,
but before he could, Violet abruptly turned on her heel and disappeared
down the hallway.
As Mom watched her go with a concerned expression, Isaac’s hard gaze
cut to Jesse.
“You’re always trying to protect her.” Isaac held up a hand to stop his
protest. “I know my daughter better than anyone. She’s strong-willed,
impulsive, and has a nose for trouble. Ever since Tucker, she’s changed, and
not for the better. She needs accountability. What’s going to happen when
you’re not around to save her?”
He opened his mouth to crush Isaac’s illusions about him and instead
heard himself say, “I love her.”
“I know you do.” Isaac sighed as he leaned back in his recliner. “You’d
do anything for her. She knows it and takes advantage.”
Isaac was an honorable, hard-working, practical man, but when it came
to matters of the heart, he was blind. Because he embodied everything Isaac
had always wanted in a son, Isaac couldn’t see his faults. On the flip side,
when it came to Violet, Isaac discounted her good qualities and instead
focused on the bad ones that reminded him of his first love that he’d never
forgiven. How many times over the years had he defended Violet against a
father, who was too hard on her and had never given her the grace he
expected of her?
What would Isaac say if he confessed what he’d done? Isaac assumed
because he loved Violet that he was incapable of truly harming her. He
believed the same until she scorned his love and destroyed his illusions of a
future together. He could set the record straight and clear her name. He
steeled himself, but before he could speak, Violet reappeared.
She was dressed in black pants, a t-shirt, a light jacket, and a hat pulled
low over her eyes. She didn’t say a word as she crossed the living room to
where he stood by the front door. He opened it for her. As Violet trotted
down the steps, he looked back. Isaac had gone back to watching TV, but
Mom’s eyes were on him.
His mother was a glass half full, eternal optimist who believed that good
would always prevail. She had a kind heart. He’d always thought of his
mother as being somewhat naive, but as their eyes met, he realized the rosecolored glasses were missing and she looked… disturbed. Unlike Isaac,
Mom wasn’t blind. She may love him more than life itself, but she also
loved Violet with the same ferocity and, unlike Isaac, she would believe
Violet in a heartbeat. He flashed her what he hoped was a reassuring smile
before he turned away, his stomach in knots.
It wasn’t until he unlocked the truck that it struck him. He stared
through the window at Violet, who stood on the opposite side. They hadn’t
ridden in this vehicle since that day. They couldn’t switch to the SUV
because he needed the truck bed for the paint cans and lumber he had to
pick up. He blew out a breath before he pulled the door open.
Automatically, his eyes scanned the interior, even though he’d thoroughly
cleaned it. He turned the key in the ignition and waited.
It took Violet several minutes to open the door, and a few more before
she actually got in. As she settled beside him, he sensed her reluctance,
resentment, and the smallest trace of fear. He didn’t blame her. He hadn’t
known he was capable of what he’d done in that field.
They rode in absolute silence. Despite Dad’s decree that they sort this
out, Violet didn’t try. Both of them knew nothing could fix this.
He slumped in his seat and tilted his head back while keeping his eyes
on the road. Violet was right beside him, but her presence was so faint, it
was almost like she wasn’t there at all. She’d become a wraith, drifting
through life, lost in her head. Even though she loathed him, the urge to
reach out and touch her, to bridge the distance between them, was a
gnawing, dragging compulsion that made him tighten his hold on the
steering wheel.
He hadn’t touched her since the day they visited the bluebonnet field.
Not even a stray brush of his fingers while passing her a plate at dinner. He
knew if he did, he wouldn’t be able to stop himself from taking more, and
he’d taken enough.
You think if it felt so good, if we were meant to be, that I would spend an
hour scrubbing my body every time you touch me and still never feel clean?
The memory of her voice, filled with venom and revulsion, tore through
him like shrapnel, reopening wounds that hadn’t even begun to heal. He
wholeheartedly believed Violet loved him and, at some point, would
surrender to what was between them. It never occurred to him that their
bond could fracture beyond repair or that, one day, she would look through
him as if he wasn’t there.
How had he misjudged her feelings for him so badly? Had he imagined
her eyes following him months before she gave herself to him? Had he
convinced himself she desired him when she didn’t? He straightened and
raked his hand through his hair as he shifted restlessly in his seat. No. It
hadn’t been all in his head. She kissed him, which tipped their relationship
into the physical realm. And before the reality of their circumstances tainted
what they had, Violet had given herself freely, eager to experience any and
everything he could offer her. The memories of her initiation and the
handful of days where they experimented to their heart’s content reassured
him that it wasn’t all in his mind, even as it tormented him with what was
forever out of his reach.
When their bodies writhed together and the crap from the outside world
faded away, what bloomed between them was so special, he vowed he
would do whatever it took to keep it. So, he’d ignored her struggles,
denials, and breakdowns. Ignored her babbling about all the reasons why
they couldn’t be together. He tried to give her time and space to come to
terms with what was between them, but the more he had of her, the more his
appetite increased. The fact that her body wept for him, and she clung so
tight in the throes, yet repeatedly rejected him, drove him insane. He
assumed the constant imprinting on her body would overcome her
reservations. He’d believed that in the end, love would conquer all.
How wrong he’d been.
“I feel nothing for you at all.”
Black spots marred his vision as rage engulfed him. He squinted at the
road as he tried to think past the bloodlust. He lost his mind when she said
that. When he realized she would never love him back. He built his life
around her, and she wanted nothing to do with him.
She called him a monster, and he proved her right by giving his demon
free rein. He punished her for not loving him back, for annihilating his
dreams, and ruining the man he could have been. He mauled her like an
animal, and she fought back with an aggression that, even now, made his
dick hard. They had been stripped of all civilization, which resulted in a
transcendent experience that unequivocally proved she was his equal. That
field of wildflowers would always be his version of Eden and Violet,
whether she wanted to be or not, was his wicked, savage temptress, Eve.
He glanced at her. She stared straight ahead, one hand loosely clutching
the seatbelt resting on her chest. If she truly hated him, why hadn’t she
reported him? She’d been given many opportunities to expose him, but she
hadn’t. She claimed she didn’t want to break Mom’s heart, but Mom had
nothing to do with how she let him tend to her when they came home that
day or how she took what she needed from his body.
He took a deep breath and let it out slowly, ignoring the surge of
adrenaline and the way his muscles flexed as his mind replayed her riding
him. The only time Violet gave into their chemistry is when he roused her
to a fever pitch, or she was too emotionally shattered to care about her
scruples. Only then did she allow herself to indulge in their bond and allow
it to soothe her.
The day after their violent clash, he visited the recruiter’s office to
complete the enlistment process to join the Air Force. He’d put off making a
final decision in hopes that Violet would come to her senses, but he was
running out of time. Mom and Dad assumed he was going to a local
college. He stopped talking about the military because it had upset Mom so
much, but he hadn’t changed his mind. Joining the Air Force was a promise
he made to his father that he always intended to keep. He had never second
guessed his decision until Violet. If he went into the military, his life
wouldn’t be his own. He drove to that secluded location, intending to lay
himself at her feet and have her decide his future, only to be told in no
uncertain terms that she wanted nothing to do with him.
Any man who had been as brutally rejected as he had, should have been
instantly cured of his infatuation. To have the life of his life encourage him
to have sex with other females and to label their relationship as poisonous
and rotten should have made moving on a piece of cake. He ran a hand
down his face, disgusted with himself. If he believed in witchcraft, he may
have believed she cast a spell on him because he still yearned for her. She
was a part of him, imbedded bone deep. There was no getting her out. He’d
tried. There were countless girls who would have him, but the one he’d kill
for hated his guts. He still loved her and a part of him suspected that he
always would. His life was a cruel joke.
He pulled into the empty church parking lot and reversed the truck to
make it easier to load the supplies. He sorted through the keys Pastor Sonny
had given him as he approached the chapel and lifted his head when he
heard a door slam. He paused as Violet rounded the truck and passed him to
jog up the steps. He couldn’t resist staring at her ass and had a vivid image
of her on all fours with the red outline of his hand on her right cheek along
with a bite mark that had long since faded.
Need slammed into him with the force of a baseball bat. He’d taken
great pains to steer clear of her. He’d been grateful that she caught rides
with friends to and from school and had spent as much time as she could at
their homes. It helped him wean himself off of her, to exercise self-control,
but he was starkly aware that they were alone with no one around for miles
on a late, quiet Friday afternoon.
His demon salivated and flashed erotic images in his mind, snapshots of
their last, devastating encounter. Depraved desires snaked through his mind,
edging out the pain of her rejection. He hesitated at the bottom of the steps.
The reformed part of him wanted to order her to stay in the truck or, better
yet, call their parents to pick her up. She wasn’t safe with him.
But he didn’t say a word. Instead, he made his way toward her, fingers
tingling, heart racing. He knew what he was going to do. Maybe a part of
him had known the moment she got in the truck with him. It was always
going to end this way. If he was presented with the opportunity to have her,
he didn’t have the will to resist. Even if it jeopardized his freedom. Even if
it wrecked their family. Nothing compared to the absolute bliss of
possessing her. He would pay any price to have her. To be buried inside of
her where he belonged.
It didn’t matter if they ran the risk of being caught. He would take her
anytime, anywhere. He didn’t give a fuck if it was in God’s house. If sex
was all he could have of her, he would take as much as he could until she
reported him, or someone put a bullet in his head. He was an addicted
maniac. There was something terribly wrong with him for wanting someone
who despised him. But he didn’t care. He’d take her hatred and disdain.
He’d take her fighting. He’d take whatever she gave him as long as he got
her.
He kept his eyes downcast, maintaining the role of chastened
stepbrother. If Violet looked into his eyes, she’d know what was coming.
There was a fine tremor in the hand that inserted the key in the lock and
turned it. He pushed open the door and Violet stepped through. He watched
her walk down the aisle between the pews. Cast in the light that came
through the massive stained-glass windows, she looked ethereal,
untouchable. No matter how many times he claimed her, she remained
maddeningly out of reach.
Hands on hips, Violet surveyed the empty stage. What was she
thinking? He gave the church a cursory glance. This is where their parents
married and where they’d come nearly every Sunday for four years. He
spent countless hours here praying, worshipping, volunteering. He spent a
significant portion of his summer renovating this church… For what? To
have God laugh in his face and take from him the only thing he’d ever
wanted?
Fury heated his blood. He’d been a good son, taking care of his mother
when his father died. He studied diligently for good grades, worked hard to
attain his skills as an athlete and earned his money through manual labor.
He didn’t cheat or steal. He had one dream. One weakness. One thing he
desired above all else. He thought God placed Violet in his life because she
was meant to be his, only for God to be one of the reasons Violet was
convinced they couldn’t be together.
Violet had quoted every scripture about how God judged the sexually
immoral, and how sex outside of marriage went against God’s design. He
would have let Mom and Dad catch them in the act if he thought they’d
force her to marry him. But he suspected their parent’s remedy would be to
bury their indiscretion instead of trying to rectify it. They would be relieved
to ship him off to the military and ensure they had no future contact with
each other, which left him with no leverage to bind Violet to him.
God and Violet had been major pillars in his life. They guided and
shaped him. He gave them his all only to walk away empty-handed and
heartbroken, with his best friend and soul mate lost to him for all time. God
had played him for a fool, tormenting him with false visions and hopes that
would never come true. Didn’t God know what happened to faithful men
who weren’t rewarded? They stopped praying and took matters into their
own hands. If being the good guy didn’t get him what he wanted, what was
the point of restraining himself?
He drew in a deep breath, taking in Violet’s powdery scent mixing with
the smell of old Bibles, furniture polish, and wood pews. He didn’t have it
in him to be gentle, loving, or patient any longer. He was desperate,
deprived, and starving. With graduation just two months away and his ship
date for the military pending, he had mere weeks left with her. He wasn’t
going to abstain. He was going to gorge, knowing, no matter how much he
indulged, it would never be enough.
As if Violet caught the tail end of his thought, her head whipped around.
The moment their eyes collided, hers flared in instant recognition.
“You promised.”
Her voice was nearly soundless even in the hushed, quiet sanctuary.
“I’ve done my best.” His voice was gruff with lust. “I’ve never been
able to keep my promises where you’re concerned. I can’t be around you
and not…” He swallowed hard and extended his hand, palm out. “It won’t
be like last time. I can be gentle.”
When she recoiled, his hand balled into a fist and dropped to his side.
“Don’t run,” he ordered, knowing it would trigger primitive instincts
that he was trying to stifle. She deserved gentle. She deserved sweet. If she
came to him, if she allowed him to touch without fighting, he could control
his rampaging demon, but if she… His control vanished as Violet bolted
down the aisle.
If the back door had been unlocked, Violet would have escaped. Instead,
she wasted precious seconds fumbling with the lock and had to dash away
before he could get his hands on her.
She leapt up the stairs, intending to cross the stage, to reach a door on
the other side of the sanctuary, but she didn’t make it. He flattened her on
the steps.
“You can’t do this here!” she hissed fiercely.
He was pleased her warrior spirit was back. That meant he didn’t have
to rein himself in. He could indulge his demon’s appetite and give them an
experience that would be etched into their memories for all time.
“Why not here? God already knows what we’ve done,” he said as he
flipped her onto her back and unceremoniously yanked her pants down.
She engaged in a furious tug of war with him while simultaneously
trying to keep an eye on multiple entrances. When he yanked hard enough
to pull her down a step, she tried to kick him in the head, which allowed
him to free one leg from her pants. That was all he needed. He ripped her
maroon lace underwear off, forced her legs wide, and clamped his mouth on
her pussy. Her breath whooshed out of her and her body went taut as a bow.
It had been weeks since he tasted her. Weeks since he’d been inside her.
The moment his tongue sank inside her, he knew he was lost. He’d gone
back to taking her underwear to get him off, but that paled in comparison to
this. To drinking from her. To feeling her thigh muscles quiver as she
strained to get away. To the honey that spilled from her against her will.
Those tormented, helpless sounds she made were music to his ears. His
awareness of their surroundings vanished. He didn’t care where they were
or who tried to interrupt them. He wasn’t stopping unless someone
physically hauled him off her.
He slid his finger inside her to coax her to spill a little more for him.
“Please, stop,” she begged as she hauled her quivering body up a step.
He followed, keeping his mouth on her while he felt around for her Gspot. He knew he found it when she let out a wanton moan that echoed
around the sanctuary before she muffled it with her arm.
He lifted his head, eager for proof that she still needed this from him.
She let out a stifled sob as he pushed her arm aside. She glared at him, eyes
shining with self-loathing, lust, and hatred. She’d never looked more
beautiful to him.
“You,” she began gutturally, but her voice cut out when he cupped her.
Her thighs snapped together, trapping his hand, which he didn’t mind in
the least. As his fingers expertly stroked, her legs tossed back and forth.
“You’ve been missing me, Vi. Admit it,” he rasped.
“You’re a heartless…” She bared her teeth as she pulled herself up
another step. “Evil.”
She collapsed on the stage and turned on her side in the fetal position.
Mouth watering at the feast before him, he took his hand from her to undo
his jeans. Violet shot up and tried to make a break for it, but he was on her
in a flash. She didn’t gain more than three steps before he wrapped his arms
around her and got her down on all fours. He put her in a chokehold as he
blanketed her body with his.
“Nuh-uh, baby. You’re not getting away. I’ve gone too long without
you.”
“Please don’t do this,” she pleaded.
“You want this so bad, you’re soaking my jeans,” he hissed as he rocked
against her.
“We’re in church!”
She sounded scandalized.
He pressed his cheek to hers as they stared at the rows of empty pews.
“It doesn’t matter where we are. I’ll always want you.”
He gripped her throat with one hand while the other undid his jeans and
shoved them down.
“You know you want this,” he panted as he dragged his dick up and
down her weeping slit. “Your body still craves me. Still wants me to fuck
you senseless.” He nuzzled her as she let out a choked sob. “That’s exactly
what you want me to do, isn’t it? Tell me that’s what you want, Violet.”
“You have no shame,” she croaked.
“You have enough for the both of us,” he mocked as he lapped up a
stray tear. “How we feel about each other is nothing to be ashamed of. It’s
supposed to be something we rejoice in.”
“The devil will say anything to make a sin seem like a gift,” she said
bitterly.
So now he was the devil on top of being a monster. All because he loved
her and wasn’t willing to lie about his feelings or hide how she made him
feel.
“If the way of the righteous means I can’t have this…”
He gently thrust. It was so quiet, they both heard the sloppy sounds her
body made. She whimpered in shame and tried to hang her head, but he
wouldn’t let her, forcing her to face their invisible jury.
“Then I’ll be a sinner,” he said through clenched teeth and tried to hold
back his beast, which wanted to slake his lust savagely, ensuring her
submission and repentance. “I wish everyone could see you, dripping all
over the stage, taking every inch of me. Loving every fucking moment of
this. Whenever you come through those doors, and look at this stage, you’re
going to think of this, of us.”
“No!”
She made a desperate lunge for the edge of the stage, but he held her in
place. She wasn’t going anywhere.
“Pray for divine intervention,” he taunted as her vagina clutched at his
invading cock. “If this is wrong, God will save you. He wouldn’t let His
faithful daughter be defiled in His own house, would he?”
She reached back and gripped his thigh, fingernails raking his skin.
“Stop! You can’t…”
He was so fucking tired of hearing her say that. He cut her off as he
abruptly slammed himself inside of her, making her release a shrill scream
that echoed around the chapel.
“I can’t what?” he whispered, fingers tightening around her throat as his
demon howled in triumph. “I can’t fuck you in a church? I can’t make you
want me?”
“I hate you!”
Her words skewered his heart. Despair and lust tangled in a devastating
mix that decimated his control and his desire to be gentle. He abruptly
straightened and gripped her hips.
“You better hope someone walks through that door and saves you,” he
growled as he began to move in hard, brutal strokes that caused her whole
body to jolt. “And puts us both out of our misery.”
He took what he wanted, what he needed, or he’d go insane. He didn’t
hold back, couldn’t. Not after being so long without her. He dared God to
take her from him, to deny him this after everything he’d sacrificed. He
made Violet beg, cry, scream, and moan. He was certain this form of
worship had never been practiced here, but he ensured if God was
watching, it was memorable.
He wasn’t ready to come, but when she rippled around him, he almost
went over the edge with her. He ground his teeth, fighting his response as
she impaled herself on him, taking what she needed and shuddering in relief
as he met her needs.
Unable to withstand another second, he flipped her on her back. He
straddled her chest, knees pinning her arms on either side of her even
though she was no longer fighting, but he wasn’t taking any chances. He
gripped her cheeks and forced her mouth open. His jubilant shout echoed
through the church as he spilled, as he defiled a place he’d once considered
sacred, and accepted the fact that he was going to hell.
Violet stared up at him with glazed eyes. Needing to prolong the
moment, he slid his dick in her mouth and released her cheeks. He was
tense, waiting for her to bite, but he relaxed and stroked her hair when she
sucked and let her tongue feather over the sensitive head.
“Good girl,” he husked.
That broke the spell. She went rigid beneath him and tipped her head to
the side to expel his dick. She coughed and retched, but she’d already
swallowed most of him, which is all he cared about. She began to buck and
kick beneath him. He admired her for a few seconds before he rolled off her
and collapsed behind Pastor Sonny’s wood podium.
Violet stumbled to her feet and wove drunkenly toward her clothes
strewn on the steps, swiping at her face as she hastily dressed. He listened
to her run out of the church and the loud bang as the heavy door slammed
shut behind her.
He waited to be clobbered by those incipient emotions that had dogged
him since he jacked off at church camp—shame, guilt, regret, remorse, fear,
disgust. All he felt was warm satisfaction. Anyone could have come in and
discovered them, but God hadn’t intervened. Maybe God hadn’t abandoned
him after all.
His climax left him drowsy, but he had work to do. He forced himself to
his feet and dragged his jeans up and fastened them. He made his way to a
closet with cleaning supplies and grabbed a spray bottle and washcloth. He
wiped up all signs of debauchery before he began to execute the task Pastor
Sonny had entrusted to him.
When he made his way out to the truck with four paint cans, he saw
Violet huddled in the front seat. She hadn’t been able to take off since he
had the keys in his pocket and there was no one in the vicinity that she
could ask for a ride. He propped the front door open as he loaded up lumber
and the other building material they hadn’t used during the renovation.
Tomorrow, they would be working on the McMillan’s house, members of
the church who had a house in dire need of repair.
It took thirty minutes to load everything. By the time he joined Violet in
the truck, the sun was beginning to set. He wasn’t surprised when Violet
angled her body away from him. If she had allowed it, he would have
drawn her against his chest and held her. He wanted to tell her he loved her,
that it didn’t have to be this way, but he knew she wouldn’t listen.
He knew she was hating herself, hating him. That was her default
whenever they came together. It didn’t matter how pleasurable and
gratifying. She would always turn it into something amoral and twisted. She
couldn’t admit that a part of her reveled in what they’d done.
As they made their way home, he wondered what Violet would say to
their parents. Had fucking in church pushed her over the edge? Was that the
final straw? He felt a burble of unease, but it couldn’t morph into true fear
because of the overwhelming contentment that canceled out all else. His
mind was empty, his inner turmoil gone. Possessing her in any capacity
made him feel right, centered, whole. He refused to believe she didn’t feel
the same. It wasn’t possible for such a connection to be one-sided. Their
chemistry had been ordained by God. If she had loved him a fraction of
how much he loved her, they could have conquered anything. Instead, she
doomed them to lives where neither would ever be truly fulfilled.
When he pulled into the driveway, he glanced at Violet and waited to
see if she had any last words for him before she decided his fate. She kept
her face averted as she pushed open the door and hopped out. He ambled in
her wake, hands in pockets.
As he expected, their parents hung around. Mom was still in the kitchen
and Dad was in the living room. Both turned when they walked through the
front door. Violet stopped in her tracks, clearly not anticipating this. He
waited several seconds before he moved her inside so he could close the
door.
“So?” Isaac prompted.
Mom came out of the kitchen, wiping her hands on a dish towel, her
face still pinched with worry.
Violet was so rigid, she was trembling. He glanced down at her and saw
her mouth open and eyes fill with tears.
“Violet?” Mom asked.
He curbed his arm around Violet’s shoulders and turned her into him a
second before she burst into tears. His hand sank into her hair and kept her
face pressed to his chest as he said, “She forgave me, but she’s still hurt and
angry.”
Violet’s hand fisted in his shirt.
Mom’s expression eased slightly. “Forgiveness doesn’t take away the
hurt, but it’ll pass.” Mom came up to them and rubbed Violet’s back. “Are
you okay, honey? Want to talk about it?”
His hand dropped to Violet’s nape and squeezed. A second later, Violet
shook her head.
“Violet helped me load up the truck. We’re a little dirty,” he said.
Mom nodded and stepped back. “Dinner will be ready in a half hour.”
He glanced at Isaac and got a curt, approving nod. Isaac was satisfied
with his explanation and wouldn’t push Violet any further, for which he was
grateful. He used his body to shield Violet from their scrutiny and ushered
her down the hallway. He entered his bedroom since it was closer and
directed her into the bathroom. Intending to get her in the shower, he started
to lift her shirt without registering the fire in her eyes until it was too late.
Her slap snapped his head to the side.
“You got what you wanted from me,” she seethed. “Now, get out.”
He ignored his throbbing face and reached for her. “It’s not like that. I
wanted...”
She wrenched away, grabbed her hairbrush, and held it like a knife. “I
know what you wanted! It’s the only thing you care about!”
“Vi.”
“I swear to God,” she choked. “If you touch me one more time, I’m
going to lose it.”
He held up his hands. “Okay, I’m going.”
He backed into his bedroom. She closed the bathroom door and a
second later, locked it. He stood there, face smarting, and heard the shower
switch on to drown out the sound of her sobbing.
He leaned back against the door and closed his eyes. Those feelings he
thought he bested came back with a vengeance, clobbering him over the
head, drowning him in self-loathing. His chest swelled with the need to
roar, but he swallowed it and staggered to his bed.
Even though he regretted the pain he caused, he knew that wouldn’t
stop him from partaking in the future. If he had a shred of decency, he
would put Violet out of her misery and turn himself in, but he wasn’t the
self-sacrificing hero. Thanks to her, he’d finally embraced what he was. He
wasn’t the knight in shining armor. He was the villain. What self-respecting
monster willingly walked into a cage? If Violet wanted him out of her life,
she had to declare what he was to the world. Until then, he was going to
take his fill.
At some point, she would find the strength to turn him in. He wasn’t
sure if that would be this evening over dinner or a month from now, but she
would. If he wanted a chance at a future that wasn’t behind bars, he had to
get the hell away from her. Having the military dictate his life was the best
thing for him since he had no control where she was concerned. It was best
that he leave before they destroyed one another.

VIOLET.
1 MONTH LATER.
“How was work, honey?” Mom asked as she set a pile of steaming
bread rolls in the middle of the table.
“Funny you should ask,” Dad drawled with a lopsided grin as he
reached for one and broke it in half. “It was an eventful day.”
Mom held up a hand. “You didn’t deal with any dead bodies, did you?”
“Not today,” Dad said as he bit into his roll.
Mom relaxed. “Okay. So, what happened?”
“The first call we got was from a woman who got her toe stuck in a
faucet.”
Violet came out of her reverie and frowned at her father. “What kind of
faucet?”
“A tub faucet.”
Violet’s brows bunched together. “Why would she do that?”
“I stopped asking questions like that my first year on the job,” Dad said
as he forked up chicken and green beans.
“You didn’t have to amputate anything, did you?” Mom asked.
“Ew, Mom!” Violet waved her hand to dissipate the images in her mind.
“No amputation necessary. Just some lubricant.” Dad snickered. “She
seemed thrilled to have an audience and carried on drinking her wine and
eating chocolates long after the bubbles were gone.” Dad bobbed his
eyebrows at Mom, who gasped and smacked his arm. “I covered her in a
bath towel, which she kept trying to take off while asking if any of us were
single. She was entertaining, to say the least.”
“Was she?” Mom said testily.
Violet’s lips quirked. Automatically, her gaze flicked to Jesse to see his
reaction to their parents’ playful bickering. Her amusement faded. Jesse
stared pensively down at his food, oblivious to their conversation. She
noticed he’d been preoccupied lately. She could hear him pacing in his
room in the wee hours of the morning. He’d also been coming home late
from school, even when he didn’t have practice.
Whatever was bothering him hadn’t affected his sex drive, however. He
was more ravenous than ever. Ever since they had sex at church, it was like
he wanted to get caught. He was becoming alarmingly brazen. She didn’t
know who he was anymore. When he looked at her, she didn’t see her
brother at all, but a stranger.
At lunch today, Brody nudged her and jerked his chin across the
cafeteria, where Jesse sat with an odd mix of people.
“What’s going on there?” Brody asked.
“No idea,” she’d said, but her gaze was on the stunning redhead who
had her hand on Jesse’s arm.
Georgia had pressed against her back to whisper excitedly, “Ooh. Are
they dating?”
She’d turned away with a shrug while Brody said, “Jesse and Faye? He
hasn’t said anything about her, but it sure looks like she’s willing.”
While the guys joked around, Georgia said, “They make a striking
couple. Jesse hasn’t dated anyone this year, has he? What’s the deal?”
When Violet bit into her sandwich to avoid answering, Georgia poked
her in her side.
“You’re his sister. You should be able to give us the inside scoop. I can’t
believe he doesn’t tell you anything. You guys are always together.”
“Jesse’s a gentleman,” Marie interjected. “He doesn’t kiss and tell. He’s
the only guy I know who’s stayed friends with all his exes. None of them
has a bad thing to say about him, except for the fact that he broke up with
them. He gave them princess treatment for a few weeks—opening their
door, pulling out their chairs, buying them flowers, and then bam.” Marie
clapped her hands. “He says they’re done. No warning, no explanation
other than it wasn’t working out. None of them can make sense of it.
They’d take him back in a heartbeat if he asked.”
“I think Madyson took it the hardest. I heard Trent broke up with her
because Jesse’s all she talked about.” Georgia looked around before she
added, “It’s been, like, a year. You’d think she’d be over him by now.”
“Can you really blame her? Jesse’s everything any girl could want in a
boyfriend.”
Violet tuned out her friends and fantasized about her senior year when
she wouldn’t have to listen to her friends gush about what a gentleman
Jesse was. If they only knew what he’d done to her on the way to school
that morning…
Jesse’s gaze abruptly rose and speared hers. Her stomach clenched. She
switched her attention back to Dad and forced herself to eat, even though
she wasn’t hungry. She hoped Jesse dated Faye and transferred all his kinky,
erotic fantasies to the gorgeous redhead instead of her. He was a sex fanatic.
Perverted, twisted. He never missed an opportunity to have his way with
her. The only time she was free of his advances was when she turned in for
the night and locked the bedroom and bathroom door. The next day, the
battle to avoid him began anew.
Jesse was still staring at her. She resolutely ignored him and focused on
Dad, who laughed as he told a story about his coworker who had to defend
himself against a guy wielding an umbrella like a sword while high on some
psychedelic drug.
“And then, Derrick leaps at him and says…” Dad chortled.
“I joined the Air Force.”
Jesse’s statement was said so casually that Violet ignored it. It wasn’t
until silence fell, and she registered that Mom and Dad were both gawking
at Jesse, that she processed what he said.
Shock made her fingers fumble her fork, which clattered loudly as it
dropped on her plate. She assumed Jesse would go to college, but if he went
into the military, that would be even better! Her lips curved in what felt like
the first genuine smile she’d had all year.
“You did what?”
Lynne’s hoarse voice snapped Violet out of her giddy delight.
Registering the tension in the air, she bowed her head to hide her joy, but at
Jesse’s silence, she glanced at him and found him watching her through
narrowed eyes.
“Jesse?”
Lynne’s tone was part plea, part demand. Slowly, Jesse transferred his
attention to his mother who sat across the table from him.
“I enlisted,” Jesse said calmly.
“H-how? You didn’t ask for my consent. I didn’t sign anything allowing
you to—”
“I’m eighteen, Mom.”
Lynne’s expression went from horror to outrage as she shouted, “You
haven’t talked about the military for years!”
Jesse didn’t bat an eye at his mother’s outburst. “Because it upset you,
not because I changed my mind.”
“You saw what losing your father did to me, and you’re volunteering to
put yourself in the same position?”
“I made a promise,” Jesse said quietly.
Lynne slammed her fist on the table. “Do you think your father would
ask you to honor that promise if he knew he would die at thirty?”
“He died with honor.”
“He died instead of having a life with us. He died instead of getting out
when I begged him to.” Lynne’s eyes glistened with tears. “Have you sworn
in?” When Jesse hesitated, Lynne shot to her feet. “I forbid it, Jesse. Quit
now before it’s too late.”
“Mom.”
“I’m serious. I can’t go through that again.” Lynne ran her hands
through her hair. “I can’t believe you’d even consider…”
Violet jolted when Lynne abruptly turned on her.
“You didn’t try to talk him out of it?”
Taken aback, Violet opened and closed her mouth, unsure what to say.
She knew Lynne had a temper, but she had never been on the receiving end
of it until now. Her glee vanished in the face of Lynne’s wild despair.
“Violet didn’t know. I did this on my own,” Jesse interjected.
“Lynne,” Dad said in a consoling tone. “Let’s talk about this.”
“Talk?” Lynne scoffed as she paced with her arms wrapped around
herself. “Apparently, talking isn’t something we do in this house anymore.
People just make major life decisions without telling anyone.”
“Mom, this is my dream.”
Lynne planted her hands on the table and leaned toward her son. “You
idolize your father, but his choices don’t have to be yours. You don’t have
to walk the same path as him. There are better paths. You could be
somebody, Jesse. You’re talented in so many areas. Why let them decide
what to do with your life? Why submit yourself to that harsh environment?
You should enjoy your freedom.” A tear slid down her cheek. “Why do you
want to leave us?”
Jesse swallowed, displaying his first sign of discomfort.
“I don’t want to leave you.”
“So, don’t! Don’t go!”
Jesse lowered his gaze to his plate. “I have to do this.”
“Why?” Lynne cried.
Violet’s heart thudded in her ears as silence fell. Jesse was usually so
careful and considerate of his mother. It was painful to see them at odds.
Lynne looked distraught, but Jesse was standing his ground. Even though
she’d initially been ecstatic at the news, Lynne’s devastation was contagious
and made her own eyes water.
A crack of thunder made her flinch as the heavens opened and rain
began to lash the windows.
“Vi,” Dad said quietly.
She was relieved to be excused from the table and the highly charged
environment. No one said a word as she left her half-eaten dinner and made
her way to her bedroom. She closed the door and winced when she heard
Lynne explode. Her shouting was accompanied by another deafening boom
of thunder that shook the house. She put on her headphones and let her
punk rock music drown out the unexpected storms that had appeared out of
nowhere.
Conflicting emotions sloshed around inside of her. On one hand, she
was thrilled. If Jesse went into the Air Force, she’d be free. As Mom said,
they would decide Jesse’s life. He wouldn’t be able to come home whenever
he felt like it, like he would if he attended college and had holidays and
school breaks. Once he signed, he had to fulfill his commitment, which was
a minimum of four years for Active Duty.
It never crossed her mind that Jesse would join the military. Like Lynne,
she used to get upset when he brought it up. That was when she actually
cared about what he did with his life. Now, she wanted him gone. Out of
her life, out of the state, out of the country, if possible. She bit her lip. She
despised him, but she didn’t want him dead. Lynne was acting like Jesse
would be sent to the front lines. Surely, Mom was overreacting?
Is this what he wanted to talk about when he drove her out to see the
bluebonnets? She assumed he wanted to talk about which college he should
attend. He hadn’t talked about the military in years. If Jesse had given her a
choice of him going to college or the military, what would she have said?
She tossed her hair, not willing to entertain such thoughts. Jesse’s future
wasn’t her business. It was his, and he made the decision to enlist, which
she was happy about—ecstatic, in fact.
Her life had become an endless tunnel with no light, no detours, no one
to hold her hand. Jesse would jump her in the dark and corner and coerce
her to get what he wanted before he disappeared, leaving her to piece
herself back together and carry on, hand outstretched, as she tried to find
her way in the pitch-black abyss. Sometimes, when she was too broken to
walk, she crawled. She kept going, believing there had to be something up
ahead. Jesse’s announcement caused a pinprick of light to cut through the
dark, giving her a vision of a near future where there would be no tunnel, no
filth, no more structuring her life around ways to avoid him. There was an
end to her misery and despite Lynne’s fear, all Violet felt was overwhelming
relief.
She tried to distract herself with homework, but her attention strayed.
She tugged aside the headphones periodically to check if the coast was
clear. The arguing went on for hours. Most of the time, it was Lynne who
was shouting, but there was also the low murmur of Dad’s voice in what
sounded like a conciliatory tone.
She’d decided to turn in for the night and had just brushed her teeth and
locked the bathroom door behind her when her bedroom door opened.
When Mom poked her head in, Violet tugged off her headphones and held
them in one hand as she took in Lynne’s red, puffy eyes. Her anxiety spiked
as she waited for the verdict. Had Mom talked Jesse out of joining the Air
Force?
“Mom?”
When Lynne’s face crumpled, she rushed forward, partly because it
looked like Lynne was going to collapse and partly because she didn’t want
Lynne to see her jubilation. Comforting Lynne while she inwardly did
cartwheels made her feel like a bad person, but she couldn’t help it. No one
knew who Jesse truly was. This was best for all of them, Lynne just didn’t
know it. As Lynne wept, that tiny bead of light in her tunnel began to
expand and brighten, so she could practically feel its warmth.
Lynne pulled back and braced her hands on her shoulders. “Please talk
to him. He hasn’t sworn in. There’s still a chance for him to get out of his
commitment.”
Alarm cut through Violet’s contentment. “I… I don’t think anything I
say will make a difference. His mind is made up and…” She looked away
from Lynne’s heartbroken eyes. “He didn’t tell me what he was going to do.
It seems like he didn’t want anyone to dissuade him.”
Lynne squeezed her arms. “You’re his best friend. You two are closer
than blood siblings. If you tell him you want him to stay, that you need him
here, he might do it for you.”
Her throat began to close as anxiety ripped through her. “We’ve grown
apart.”
“You still mean the world to him. You can save him from making a huge
mistake.”
“I…”
“Just try. Please.”
An invisible object obstructed her throat so she couldn’t breathe,
making her eyes tear. Lynne cupped her cheek, expression softening,
assuming they were on the same wavelength when nothing could be further
from the truth.
Lynne kissed her cheek. “Sleep. Hopefully, we’ll wake up and this will
all just be a horrible dream.”
After Mom left, she waited a few minutes to see if Dad was going to
pop in. When he didn’t, she locked that door, too, and climbed into bed. She
stared at the ceiling as she listened to the rain hammer down on the roof. A
tree branch Dad had been meaning to cut scraped the side of the house as
the wind picked up.
Is that what Jesse had been doing after school? Getting his paperwork
and tests done to qualify and enlist? Even though Jesse hadn’t sworn in
(whatever that meant), hopefully he was too far along in the process to back
out without consequences. She would do almost anything for Lynne, but
begging Jesse to stay wasn’t one of them. She pounded her pillow as she
turned on her side. Jesse would be fine in the military. There was no need
for Lynne to worry about him. This was a dream come true.
She woke when a hand clamped over her mouth. Her eyes flew open
as a man sat on top of her. She panicked and thrashed as his weight sank her
into the mattress. She let out a scream that was significantly muffled by his
hand and the storm, which was still raging.
A head ducked down, and a nose brushed against hers before she heard,
“Happy I’m joining the military, baby?”
Her heart stuttered at Jesse’s furious hiss.
“If I hadn’t promised my dad I would follow in his footsteps, I wouldn’t
be going anywhere,” he growled as he took his hand away.
Fear made her strike out. She heard a satisfying crack as her palm hit his
cheek. He cursed and a second later, his mouth landed on hers. The taste of
spearmint mouthwash overwhelmed her as his tongue invaded. She raked
her nails over him and realized he was naked. He hissed, back arching as
she tried to draw blood. His mouth left hers and coasted down to where her
neck flowed into her shoulder. He sank his teeth into her as he grabbed her
wrists and pinned them to the mattress. She kicked her feet as he bit to
punish. When she whimpered, he eased the pressure and then kissed her
throbbing flesh as if he hadn’t used brute force to make her submit like they
were part of the animal kingdom.
“You want to fight, baby? I’m in an obliging mood,” he said against her
skin. “Mom used everything she could to make me quit.” His tongue slid
over her racing pulse. “I assume she asked you to beg me to stay?”
She clenched her teeth.
He nipped her jaw. “Answer me.”
“Yes,” she said sullenly.
He lifted his head to look down at her. With her nightlight at the foot of
her bed, his face was in shadow, but she still felt the intensity of his stare.
“So? What are you going to do, Violet?” He pressed his lips to hers.
“What are you willing to sacrifice to make Mom happy?”
“I love her.”
He stilled.
“But not enough to ask you to stay.”
He was silent for a beat before he said, “So be it.”
He parted her legs with his knee and nestled his erection between her
legs. Her flimsy pajama shorts were poor protection from his scorching heat
and his hard dick, which she knew would be inside of her very soon. She
yanked at her imprisoned wrists, which only made him tighten his grip. She
wished she had the balls to scream her head off and have Mom and Dad
catch him in the act. But she would rather endure whatever Jesse had
planned than witness the look on Dad’s face when he discovered she was no
longer pure.
“You can’t do this here!” she said desperately. “Mom and Dad are right
down the hall!”
“Then we better be quiet.”
As he brushed kisses over her face, she considered head-butting him.
What was with this affectionate bullshit? They rarely kissed. All he usually
cared about was getting off. Foreplay was minimal. That’s how she
preferred it. She just wanted to get this over with. Why…? She stiffened as
it finally hit her.
“How did you get in here? I locked both doors!”
“I broke the lock on the bathroom door.”
“You—”
“Ask Dad to repair it, I’ll break it again.”
He slid off her onto his side and hauled her up in bed, so she was
propped on her pillows. Before she could roll away, he yanked her camisole
down and latched onto her breast while his hand slid into her pants.
“You want me out of your life, fine, but that means I get full access,” he
growled as he parted her.
His middle finger slid in with embarrassing ease.
Ashamed by her body’s response, she snapped, “Can’t you get this from
Faye instead of me?”
“Faye?” he muttered around her nipple.
She gritted her teeth. “Yes, the redhead hanging on your arm at lunch.”
His dick jerked against her thigh. “Jealous?”
She smacked his shoulder as his thumb began to tease her clit. “No! I
want you to find someone else to fulfill your sick fantasies instead of me!”
“There’s little chance of that happening,” he said distractedly as he
worked her. “Faye’s brother just joined the Air Force, so I’ve been talking
to him about his experience and what to expect. I’ve been connecting with
others who are joining other branches, and Faye decided to tag along. She’s
nice, but…”
He rubbed himself against her.
“She isn’t you.” He kissed the base of her throat. “Touch me, Vi.”
Her hand balled into a fist. Quick as lightning, the hand in her pants
disappeared, and his wet finger was shoved into her mouth. She gripped his
wrist with both hands to stop him from shoving his finger down her throat.
“I swear to God if you don’t put your hand on me, I’ll…” He let out a
breath when her hand closed around him. “Good. Now, stroke me the way I
taught you.”
She obeyed, simultaneously sucking on the finger he hadn’t withdrawn
from her mouth. He hissed through his teeth and arched into her touch.
“Slow down,” he ground out.
Fuck you, she thought, tightening her grip to make him blow.
She sensed his control snap a second before he yanked her hand off him.
“I warned you I wasn’t in the mood,” he hissed.
When he sat up and reached for her, she lost her temper. Screw him!
She didn’t care about his mood or what he wanted. He wasn’t supposed to
do this kind of shit when Mom and Dad were present. What the hell was
wrong with him?
They tussled. Her stuffed animals and pillows went flying. Jesse leapt
off the bed, yanked her onto her back and dragged her, so her head was
hanging off the mattress. Before she could figure out why he’d positioned
her so bizarrely, Jesse cupped her jaw, forcing her head back. She had a
split second of warning before his dick slid into her mouth and Jesse
planted himself in her throat.
She panicked, hands and legs wheeling through the air as she choked.
Jesse withdrew enough for her to breathe. She coughed and tried to turn her
head aside, but he collared her throat and ordered, “Be still.”
She moaned in protest and pushed at him, but she was trapped by his
iron thighs and the rock-hard dick impaling her mouth. In this position, she
was completely helpless and at his mercy.
“You didn’t listen to me, so now we’re going to do this my way.” He let
his hand wander from her throat to her breasts. “You’re gonna suck me until
I tell you to stop. You fight me and try to make me come before I’m ready,
you’ll regret it.”
Slowly, he pushed forward. She screwed her eyes shut and made a
concentrated effort not to fight him and control her gag reflex. She heard
him expel his breath and knew he was pleased when he gripped her breast.
“Yes, just like that,” he groaned.
She gripped the backs of his corded thighs and obeyed every husky
command. She was rewarded for her good behavior when he yanked off her
bottoms, spread her thighs, and put his mouth between her legs. As all the
blood rushed to her head, she felt a euphoric rush. Jesse knew her body well
and used everything in his arsenal to rouse her to a fever pitch. She got so
lost in what they were doing that she grabbed his ass to yank him toward
her so she could take every inch of him.
She felt more than heard his guttural groan before he yanked out of her
mouth as if it were an electrical socket. As she lay there, panting, he cupped
the back of her head and lifted it to give her a deep, wet, upside-down kiss.
“That’s my girl,” he husked before he pulled her into a sitting position.
She didn’t have time to get her bearings because he pulled her off the
bed and promptly bent her over it. She buried her face in her tangled sheets,
which was convenient because a second later, she screamed when he
slammed inside of her. He froze with his body blanketing hers, but she was
too far gone to care. She bounced under him and wrapped her hand around
the back of his neck, urging him on. He dropped his head on her shoulder,
panting as he grappled for control.
“You’re killing me, Vi.”
“Hurry,” she whispered.
Outside, the storm seemed to be picking up, thunder crashing like
cymbals, gearing up so they could have this moment.
He nuzzled her cheek. “Tell me you want me.”
She bared her teeth. He wasn’t satisfied that he controlled her body, he
always pushed for more. He was such an asshole.
“Vi, you need this, same as me. You can’t deny it.” When she didn’t
answer, his hand fisted in her hair. “Why can’t you admit it?”
Because she would rather die than give in completely. He may rule her
in these moments, but there was still a part of her he hadn’t conquered.
Would never conquer. It was what gave her the strength to resist and soldier
through every day, even though sometimes she considered giving up. She
would never surrender that piece of her identity to him. If she did, she
would be lost.
He capitulated with a ragged, “Fuck,” before he began to move.
With nature colluding with them to disguise their forbidden tryst, she let
herself go. She let herself enjoy the pleasures of the flesh she normally
denied herself in the light of day and made demands he gave into, leading to
an orgasm that made her gnaw her sheets.
“Tell me,” Jesse pleaded. “Just this one time. Please.”
She ignored him and lay like a limp, wrecked doll. She knew what to
expect and wasn’t disappointed when he went berserk. Jesse took his
frustrations out on her body. When she began to make too much noise, he
clapped a hand over her mouth. When that didn’t work, he shoved her face
in the mattress and put a pillow over her head. He ended up using it himself
when he came, folding over her and shouting her name into the stuffing.
Even as he spilled inside of her, he shoved the pillow away and hissed,
“Deny all you want, but we both know the truth. You love what’s between
us, you’re just too much of a coward to admit it.”
He pulled out of her, spilling down the back of her thighs. By the time
her quivering legs collapsed, and she landed on her knees beside the bed, he
was already gone.
VIOLET.
2 MONTHS LATER.
Despite the warm July evening, there was a healthy fire crackling
in the fire pit. The backyard, house, and garage were filled to capacity for
Jesse’s farewell party. Firefighters mingled with Jesse’s coaches,
teammates, and their church friends. It seemed that half the neighborhood
had decided to attend. Mom’s friends, mostly teachers, went around patting
cheeks and catching up with students they hadn’t seen since elementary
school.
Violet couldn’t believe this day had finally come. Jesse was leaving
tomorrow. A part of her kept expecting something to go wrong—for his
paperwork to fall through or there to be some mix up that would eject him
from the military before he could be shipped off, but everything had gone
smoothly. Mom tried to talk Jesse out of his decision until he swore in, and
there was no turning back. This week had been rough on Mom. She’d
excused herself multiple times from the party to have a crying session.
A commotion in the house caught Violet’s attention. She started forward
as Dad emerged, carrying a massive cake. People clapped Jesse on the back
and ushered him toward the table where Dad set it down. The cake had a
pair of combat boots, a fighter jet, and the Air Force logo with, “We will
miss you, Jesse,” written on it.
At everyone’s urgings, Jesse posed with his cake. Violet felt obliged to
take pictures. Not for herself, but for Lynne. Even with everyone calling out
for Jesse to look in their direction, he looked directly at her. She hastily
took the photo and then fiddled with her phone until Dad began to address
the crowd with his hand on Jesse’s shoulder.
“I’m happy you all could join us to celebrate Jesse before he sets out on
his journey,” Dad said in a voice that carried clearly across the backyard. “I
couldn’t ask for a better son. Lynne and I are so proud of you. We know
you’re going to do great things in the world.”
Everyone whistled and cheered as Dad and Jesse gave each other manly
claps on the back. Lynne walked up to Jesse, dabbing her eyes with her
handkerchief. Clearly too emotional to speak, Lynne kissed Jesse on the
cheek and gave him a hug.
As people turned to Violet with expectant faces, she felt a flash of panic.
No one told her she’d have to say a few words and give Jesse a public
farewell.
“Come, Vi,” Dad said, beckoning to her. “Let’s take a family photo
before we cut the cake.”
She pasted a smile on her face as she made her way over. She and
Lynne stood side by side, while Dad and Jesse stood behind them. As
everyone playfully jostled for the best position to take their photo, pride
swelled in her chest. She knew what the photos would capture. Dad and
Jesse with their impressive, fit figures towering over her and Mom, who
wore matching floral dresses, hers in pink and Mom’s in yellow. Dad and
Jesse wore matching white button up shirts for precisely this reason. Mom
had known there would be a ton of photos taken and wanted them to be
ready. Their family had its issues, but at that moment, Violet didn’t want to
be anywhere else. This is where she belonged.
Blinding flashes came from every direction. Their heads whipped back
and forth, trying to give everyone the opportunity to get the perfect shot, but
it was so chaotic that everyone began to laugh. Grinning, Violet stepped
forward, only to be stopped by a pair of arms that pulled her back against a
toned frame. Jesse wrapped his arms around her, pressed his cheek to hers,
and rocked her from side to side. A series of “aww’s” came from the women
who thought Jesse’s gesture was sweet. She kept her lips curved as her nails
sank warningly into the back of his hand.
“Violet! Jesse! Look here!”
She looked in the direction of the voice and saw her friend Allison
holding up her phone to take their photo. She endured Jesse’s touch for a
few more seconds before she tried to move away. Jesse hesitated for a split
second before he released her.
“This cake is something else,” Violet said enthusiastically as she
stepped up to Mom’s side.
“And it’s supposed to taste even better than it looks,” Mom said as she
handed Jesse the first slice, which was a shocking bright blue.
“It’s blueberry?” Jesse asked, eyeing the cake warily.
Mom laughed. “No, that’s just dye. It’s chocolate.”
Everyone laughed at Jesse’s obvious relief. As Dad went to fetch ice
cream, Violet arranged slices of cake on a tray and began to circulate
through the crowd.
She was waylaid often. It had been a while since she’d seen her uncles
—a mix of firefighters, paramedics, and police officers who had known her
since she was born. They wanted to know if she was going to follow in
Dad’s footsteps, as she’d said she would when she was five. They guffawed
when she gave an adamant, “Nope!”
After a series of hugs, she moved on and found herself face to face with
Pastor Sonny. “Hey!”
“Hey, yourself,” he said and eyed the last plate on her tray. “Is that
spoken for?”
“No! It’s all yours.”
She handed it to him and prepared to run when he tapped her shoulder.
“I’ve been meaning to talk to you, Violet.”
Her heart dropped to her toes as she turned back to him. “You have?”
She avoided him just as much as Jesse, if not more so. If anyone could
discern what was happening, it would be Pastor Sonny. He was a kind man,
but his gaze was piercing and stern, and she felt like he could see straight
through people to their rotten core. She dreaded going to church. It seemed
his sermons were tailor-made to rip her conscience to shreds every week.
“Yes. I was wondering if you were interested in becoming a mentor for
the youth.”
“Mentor?” She cleared her throat. “That’s… wow.”
His eyes tracked over her face and fractionally narrowed. “You’re not
interested.”
It wasn’t a question.
She tucked the empty tray under her arm and glanced around the room
instead of meeting his eyes. “I’ve never considered being a mentor.”
“That’s why I think you should do it. I notice you prefer being in the
background, assisting rather than taking a leadership role, but I think you
have a lot to offer. I’ve known you since you were a little girl. You have
wisdom to share with the young ones who need guidance for this next stage
in life.”
As she struggled to think of something to say, he lightly touched her
arm.
“Think about it and let me know.”
She watched him walk away before she gave herself a shake and hurried
out to the backyard to do exactly what he said she liked to do—assist.
Assisting meant she didn’t have to take the fall if something went awry.
Assisting meant there was always work to be done. Keeping busy kept her
from pondering too much. He thought she had wisdom to share? She was
the last person anyone should come to for advice. She’d made a mess of her
life.
When she tried to load her tray again, Mom gave her a little push.
“You’ve been on your feet all day. If people want cake, they’ll come
looking. Enjoy the party. Go hang out with Jesse and your friends.”
Mom jerked her chin at the fire pit where most of the teenagers had
congregated. She didn’t want to talk to anybody, but she could see Mom
wasn’t going to let her continue to bustle around.
She accepted the cake slice Mom placed in her hands and wandered
over to her peers. Allison hopped up from the lounge chair where she and
her boyfriend, Jesse’s classmate, Blaine, were relaxing.
“This picture of you and Jesse is so cute,” Allison exclaimed as she
tapped her phone screen. “I already posted it and everyone is dying.”
Allison held up her phone, so Violet could see the photo of her and
Jesse. She wasn’t expecting much, considering how far away Allison had
been, but the edited results were devastating. She and Jesse beamed at the
camera, faces pressed together, his arms wrapped around her. There was no
trace of unease, anger, or bitterness on her face. She looked like she didn’t
want to be anywhere else but in his arms. They looked happy. How the hell
was that possible?
“Violet?” Allison lowered the phone and steadied her plate, which was
shaking. “Are you okay?”
She pulled herself together. “Yes, of course.”
Allison rubbed her arm. “I can’t imagine how you feel. You two are
inseparable. It’s going to be so weird seeing you without him.”
“He’s following his dream.”
Allison nodded. “I had no idea he wanted to go into the military. Most
thought he would go into the NFL. I heard some scouts were interested in
him, and that’s why Coach Rick was so upset when he quit football.”
Violet’s stomach flipped. “I never heard that.”
Allison gestured to her boyfriend. “That’s what Blaine said.”
“And what’s Blaine’s plans now that he’s graduated?” Violet asked,
blatantly changing the subject.
Allison lit up. “He’s staying here.”
“That’s great. But didn’t he get into Dartmouth?”
Allison looked over her shoulder at Blaine before she turned back and
whispered, “He decided to stay for me. He was worried we wouldn’t be
able to do long distance, so he’ll wait another year before we decide where
we want to go.”
“Aww, you guys are so in love,” Violet teased.
Allison practically glowed. “Yes, we are. I think he’s it for me.” Allison
gripped her arm and whispered, “He proposed.”
“What?”
“He didn’t get me a ring yet, but we’ve talked about getting married
after I graduate next year.” Allison gave a little squeal. “Can you imagine
me married exactly a year from now?”
“No.”
“Well, if we do, just know you’re going to be a bridesmaid.” Allison
giggled when Violet made a face. “Come on. Who doesn’t love a wedding?
Is it crazy that I want to be the first friend to get married and have kids?”
“Yes,” Violet said emphatically.
Allison pouted. “Can’t you be happy for me? Isn’t he a great guy?”
Violet swallowed hard. “He’s the best.”
“How lucky am I to have found the one in high school? What are the
chances?”
Their mindsets couldn’t be more different. Allison was thinking of
settling down and getting married and having kids, while Violet felt like her
life hadn’t begun. She wanted freedom and to get away from everyone and
everything she’d ever known. Commitment was the last thing on her mind.
Instead of voicing her negative, cynical thoughts, Violet smiled and
offered Allison a piece of her cake.
Two hours later, the crowd had significantly thinned as people began to
take their leave. The mood had shifted as well, becoming more somber as
people said their official goodbyes. Everyone kept giving her sympathetic
pats or squeezes, assuming she was taking Jesse’s departure as bad as Lynne
when she felt nothing at all. Her stoic demeanor had been getting her some
odd, sidelong looks. Shouldn’t people be happy she wasn’t imitating a
human water faucet?
She escaped down the hallway for a break from the intense scrutiny and
entered Jesse’s bedroom. His door had been left ajar, so guests could use
their bathroom if the other was in use. She was relieved to discover it
empty. She turned to close the door, which abruptly began to swing open
again.
“Oh, I’m sorry,” she began with a laugh, intending to say the bathroom
was occupied, but her voice died when Jesse pushed his way in. “What are
you…?”
She didn’t get to finish her question because his head swooped down,
and his mouth settled on hers. He clasped her face and kissed her like the
world was about to end. She was momentarily stunned, but the sound of
someone cheering in the distance reminded her that they had a house full of
guests. What the hell was he doing?
She wrenched her mouth away. “Have you lost your mind?”
“This should be the happiest night of my life,” he said gruffly.
“Everyone I care about is gathered in one place to see me off. I’m about to
set out on my lifelong dream and make my father proud. I should be over
the fucking moon, so why do I feel so miserable?”
Had one of his friends slipped him alcohol, even with cops and a pastor
present? Sucking in an annoyed breath, she looked up, intending to snap
him back to reality, but the sight of his spiky lashes and blue eyes
shimmering with tears made her mind go blank.
“How did I fuck this up so badly?” he said thickly.
She averted her gaze. “Everyone will be looking for you. You should go
back to the party.”
“I can’t leave tomorrow with things like this between us,” he said,
resting his forehead against hers. “Tell me there’s a chance we can still be
together in the future.”
“This isn’t the time for this!” Her voice was terse with stress.
“We’re out of time, Violet. This is it.” He massaged her nape to
encourage her to look at him. “Tell me I didn’t lose the most important
person in the world to me.”
She braced her hand on his chest and strained away from him. “The
door isn’t locked. Anyone could come in. All these people are here for you.
You should be focused on them, not—”
“Look at me!”
His raised voice made her stiffen in alarm.
“Are you crazy? What the hell are you trying to do?” she hissed.
His face flushed with anger as he gripped her shoulders and gave her a
shake. “I’m trying to get through to you. I need you to stop looking through
me and actually hear what I’m saying.”
Of course, he was forcing this confrontation the night before he left,
when everyone they’d ever known was just a few rooms away.
She jutted out her chin. “What are you saying?”
His hands flexed on her shoulders. “I’m saying that I know what I did
was wrong, and you have every right to hate me. I promised to protect you
and couldn’t protect you from myself.”
His expression was a mix of frustration and desperation.
“I know I need to work on myself and that it’s best for both of us if I
leave. I told myself I wouldn’t pressure you, but I need to know.” He
brushed her hair back with trembling fingers. “Give me some hope. Tell me
there’s a part of you that still feels something for me.”
She held his gaze and deliberately let seconds that felt like hours tick
by. She felt no remorse as his face contorted with pain.
He swallowed hard, making his Adam’s apple bob. “Can you forgive
me?”
Months ago, she forgave him without thinking, naively believing what
Dad said—that no act was unforgivable. But what Jesse had done to her,
what he stole over and over again… it wasn’t forgivable. As if he heard her
thoughts, a tear slid down his cheek.
“Vi,” he whispered, but whatever he was going to say was interrupted
by someone calling his name.
Fear gave her the strength to shove him hard enough that he rocked
back.
“They need you. Go!” she ordered.
His anguish was plain to see. Hopefully, everyone would attribute his
distress to nerves over leaving home for the great unknown.
“Violet.”
“Go, now!” she said harshly.
He swiped his sleeve over his dripping eyes before he turned and
walked out of the bathroom. She stood there for a minute, staring at the
place where he’d been standing, before she glanced in the mirror and saw
her pale, blank face. Abruptly, she pushed on the door that led to her
bedroom. The drawers she’d pushed in front of it, so no guests would
wander into her bedroom by accident, gave way. Once she was in, she
repositioned her makeshift barricade and locked her other door as well. She
sent a quick text to Mom, letting her know she had a migraine and needed
to lay down, and got a heart emoji in response.
She kicked off her shoes and, without bothering to change, lay on the
bed in her dress. She stared at the ceiling with her hands folded neatly over
her middle and tried to relax. Jesse’s behavior and mood swings over the
last few weeks had swung from one extreme to the next. Some days he was
cold and remote. On others, he was cruel. The worst days were when he
was affectionate and kind. She didn’t know which Jesse she would get day
to day, so she kept her guard up and didn’t trust any version of him she
encountered.
Including this one.
Can you forgive me?
Her hands balled into fists. How dare he ask her that after everything he
put her through? He’d hijacked not just her junior year, which was one big
blur, he’d taken over her life. He segregated her from everyone, making her
an outcast not just amongst their friends, but in their family as well.
Because no one believed he was capable of such dastardly deeds, she had
no one to confide in or turn to.
To have her brother, who she trusted implicitly, turn into her worst
enemy was a betrayal of such epic proportions that she still couldn’t wrap
her mind around it. She hadn’t just lost her sense of self—she lost her best
friend and confidant. The person she used to run to for comfort, advice, and
support disappeared. In his place was a monster who looked like him and
sounded like him but did the most horrific things to her. He weaponized all
her faults and weaknesses against her.
Jesse stopped seeing her as a person. She became an obsession, an
object to be conquered and claimed. Sex whittled their relationship down to
nothing. Their verbal communication and emotional connection ceased to
exist, leaving them with no foundation to rebuild upon. He irreparably
damaged her trust, not just in him, but herself. How could she trust her
judgment when she’d been so easily duped by his sincere, good brother act?
How could she not have sensed the evil lurking behind his guileless smile?
Her confidence and self-esteem had taken so many blows, she didn’t feel
like a whole person anymore. She no longer knew how to make a simple
decision without examining it from every angle and listing every possible
repercussion and consequence.
Lately, Jesse’s fixation had gone into overdrive. It was like he was
trying to fuse them together. He was insatiable, possessed. To preserve her
sanity against his brutal onslaught, she wrapped herself in a cocoon that
insulated her from his destructive wrath. The more erratic and out of control
Jesse became, the calmer and more detached she was. She could see that
infuriated him, but she didn’t care. Self-preservation was all that mattered.
All she had to do was hang on just a little longer.
She’d been counting down the months, weeks, and now, hours. She
glanced at the clock and felt her heart soar. Twelve hours until he was gone.
Until she got her freedom back. Until everything went back to normal. All
she had to do was close her eyes. When she woke, they would have a few
hours together, and then she could close the book on this chapter of her life
and move on.

VIOLET.
Violet lurched up in bed before her eyes were fully open. Sunlight
filtered through her blinds. She sprang up, energized, even though she’d
only gotten a few hours of sleep. She tossed and turned past midnight,
listening to the constant hum of voices drift down the hallway. She worried
that she may have to deal with Jesse on his final night, but thankfully, he’d
been otherwise occupied.
She muscled aside the drawers to gain access to the bathroom and
hastily locked the door that led to Jesse’s bedroom before she washed her
face and brushed her teeth. There was no sound coming from Jesse’s
bedroom. Either he’d gotten even less sleep than her and was already up, or
he was sleeping soundly. She hoped it was the latter so she wouldn’t have to
deal with him until he was ready to leave.
As she pulled her hair into a ponytail, she met her eyes in the mirror.
Although her body buzzed with excitement, it didn’t reflect in her dull eyes
or stony expression. Keeping their secret had taken its toll.
Once Jesse was gone, she could actually sleep through the night—what
a concept! She could enjoy life again. This was her last full summer in
Texas. She should enjoy it because after she graduated, she was going to get
as far from here as Mom and Dad would allow. Jesse hadn’t even left yet,
and she was already dreading him coming home for a visit. She needed a
place where she felt safe. As long as he was allowed to walk through the
front door, that would never be here. She wanted to forget everything that
had happened between them and bury the sinful desires he provoked within
her.
Tell me I didn’t lose the most important person in the world to me.
If that were true, he would have respected her boundaries. He wouldn’t
have gone as far as he had. He had moments of remorse that never lasted
long. Several times, he had the gall to suggest the things he did were an act
of love. He was so manipulative and controlling. He would say anything to
justify his behavior. His acting skills would serve him well in the future. It
had gotten him this far without being caught.
She unlocked Jesse’s door before she escaped back into her bedroom
and hastily changed out of her pajamas. She walked down the hallway to
the dining room but paused when she heard Mom sniffling and Dad’s
consoling tone.
“I don’t want him to go,” Lynne cried.
“You knew this day would come. Jesse’s smart and strong. He’s going
to do well in the military. It’s what he’s always wanted,” Dad said.
“He’s just liked his father. He’s too willing to lay his life on the line and
too loyal to let anyone down. He’ll give his life to them when there are so
many opportunities outside of the military. He could have done anything! I
was hoping he would change his mind and take after you.”
There was a pause before Dad said, “It’s not like my job doesn’t come
without risks.”
“But at least we get to see you throughout the week. I can’t believe he
didn’t stay for Violet. They were so close. What happened between them?”
Violet retreated to her bedroom. Mom had been convinced she could
make Jesse change his mind and had badgered her more than Jesse. Every
day, she had to lie through her teeth about pleading with Jesse to stay and
being repeatedly turned down. Lynne’s disappointment made her feel awful.
Trying to act as if she were upset about Jesse’s choice when it couldn’t be
further from the truth drained her. She couldn’t wait for him to leave. The
strain of keeping up this act was killing her. Once he left, Mom would learn
how to cope without Jesse being within arm’s reach, and they could build a
new life without him.
She pushed her bedroom door open and stopped on the threshold when
she saw Jesse standing beside her bed.
“Morning,” he said.
“Morning,” she echoed and stayed where she was.
He wore shorts and a white tee with his gold cross on display. His eyes
were bloodshot and puffy from lack of sleep. She hoped, for his sake, his
training didn’t begin the moment he stepped foot on base. Actually, on
second thought, she hoped there was a drill sergeant ready to stomp his ass
the moment he arrived.
“You look…”
He ran his hand through his hair. “I didn’t sleep.”
“What time did everyone leave?”
“Brody left an hour ago.” He rubbed the back of his neck. “I can’t
believe I’m leaving today.”
“I think it’s best.”
He winced but nodded. An awkward silence fell.
“You should rest while you can,” she said.
“No. I can always catch up on sleep. I don’t want to waste the time I
have left.”
His eyes moved over her with such naked hunger that she tensed.
“Vi…”
“Mom’s crying,” she interrupted. “You should go to her.”
“She has Dad.”
“But she wants you.”
“She’s going to have to get used to me not being around.” He extended
his hand, palm up. “Please.”
She hastily drew back. “No.”
“Not that. I just want to hold you, I swear. I…” His expression morphed
into one of abject torment. “I need you, Violet.”
Ignoring his beseeching tone, she turned on her heel and marched down
the hallway. When she entered the dining room, she was grateful to see
Mom’s episode had passed, and she was cooking in the kitchen while Dad
sat at the table, drinking coffee and reading his Bible.
“You’re up early, Vi,” Dad observed.
“Couldn’t sleep,” she said and tried to look sad. She must have done a
good job because Dad held out his arm. Since he wasn’t one to offer hugs,
she seized the opportunity and let him wrap her up tight. A second later, his
hold loosened.
“Jesse,” Dad greeted, ruining their moment.
She didn’t turn to look at him but walked away to help Mom. She took
over cooking, so Mom could sit with Jesse. Pastor Sonny’s words slipped
through her mind as she served breakfast and hopped up every time
someone needed something. For some reason, she couldn’t stay still.
Her hands fidgeted on her lap as Dad shared the passage he’d been
reading in his Bible and wove the scriptures into Jesse’s new beginning.
Mom and Dad said fervent prayers over Jesse to protect and guide him.
When silence fell, an opening for her to add her two cents, she was saved
by a knock at the door. The general contractor Jesse had been working with
hadn’t been able to make it to the party last night, so he stopped by to see
Jesse before he left. Even as Jesse stepped outside to chat with him, several
cars pulled up.
Grateful for the interruption, Violet began to tidy up. She paced around
the backyard, picking up stray napkins and plastic utensils that didn’t make
it into the trash, before she attacked the pile of dishes. Her gaze kept
flicking to the large clock on the wall. Why were these last hours dragging?
When the dish rack was full, she moved onto the half bath their guests had
used and gave it a thorough scrub down.
When she emerged, yanking off her rubber gloves, she saw Dad’s
perplexed expression. She raised her brows in inquiry.
“Are you okay?” he asked.
“Yes. Why?”
“Don’t you think you should be…?” He held up a hand. “Never mind.”
She jutted out her hip. “What?”
“Nothing,” he muttered. “Just thought you’d rather be doing something
other than cleaning toilets right now.”
She supposed he thought she would be clinging to Jesse’s side to soak
up every last second with him. A glance out the front window showed that
even more people had come to say last-minute farewells. Jesse was
surrounded by a small crowd. There was no need for her to fawn over him.
He had enough admirers.
As she plugged in the vacuum, she saw Mom and Dad exchange
concerned looks. They seemed unnerved by her calm, practical demeanor.
She almost wished she could give them the over-the-top emotional reaction
they expected so they would stop looking at her like she was a freak. She
was fine. A little anxious because she hated goodbyes in general. She had no
idea how she was going to handle Jesse’s farewell with their parent’s
present, but she would deal with it when the time came.
She’d vacuumed all the bedrooms and hallway and had made her way to
the living room when Dad strode to the front door with Jesse’s duffel. Her
head whipped toward the clock. Jesse had to leave in less than fifteen
minutes. The blast of excitement was so potent that she went lightheaded
and dropped to her hands and knees. She was so happy, her eyes welled up.
He was really leaving. The vacuum roared beside her, concealing the sound
of her weak giggling, which escalated into joyous laughter. She wasn’t sure
how long she stayed that way, but she snapped out of her delirium when the
vacuum switched off.
“Violet?”
Mom’s hand smoothed over her hair before it rested between her
shoulder blades.
“Did you fall? Are you okay?”
She nodded and opened her mouth to reassure Mom that she was fine,
but there was an invisible obstruction in her throat.
Mom rubbed her back in a circle. “Honey, what’s wrong?”
Lynne’s concerned tone punctured a hole in Violet’s cocoon. The rush of
euphoria was overpowered by a vicious flood of emotion that grabbed her
by the throat, strangling her so she couldn’t breathe.
“Isaac, come! Something’s wrong with Violet. She’s shaking like she’s
having a seizure or something. I—”
A horrible sound ripped through the room. It was the bone-chilling,
tortured scream of a wounded animal. It went on and on. Violet tried to
raise her head to see what was going on, but for some reason, she couldn’t
move. Why wasn’t anyone helping the poor thing? It sounded like it was
being gutted. Someone had to make it stop.
There was a flurry of activity around her, and then she was lifted into
the air. Strong arms wrapped around her and her face was pressed against
an all too familiar chest. In a distant part of her mind, she realized the awful
sound had stopped. She didn’t want Jesse touching her, but she wasn’t in
control of her faculties. She was trembling, covered in cold sweat and…
sobbing? When had that happened?
“Oh, Vi,” Mom choked. “What should we…?”
“Give us a moment,” Jesse rasped.
He moved swiftly. Violet’s ponytail swished from side to side as he
carried her somewhere. He cupped the back of her head as he spoke to her,
but she couldn’t hear a word when she was drowning in a churning sea of
emotions she’d suppressed for far too long. They were back with a
vengeance, ambushing her at the worst possible moment.
Her wailing had turned into pitiful whimpering by the time a door
closed.
“Thank you, God,” Jesse murmured fervently as he lowered her onto
something soft.
Mortification, confusion, and despair sloshed around inside of her as
she tried to wipe her eyes, which was difficult since Jesse was trying to
cover every inch of her face in kisses. She realized they were in her
bedroom, and he’d settled her on the edge of her bed.
“I… I don’t know what’s wrong with me,” she said raggedly.
“Say it,” he pleaded. “I need to hear you admit it just once.”
“Say what?” she said fretfully as she swiped at her dripping nose.
“Tell me you love me.”
“What?”
She jerked back and raised her hand to slap him, but he anticipated that
and seized her wrist.
“Don’t fight. We don’t have time,” he said urgently.
“How dare you say that to me?”
Even in the midst of her fury, she kept her voice down, aware Mom and
Dad were probably hovering at the end of the hallway.
“You’re crying for me,” he pointed out, staring at the tears that
continued to trickle down her cheeks.
“I’m crying because of you, not for you, jackass.”
His fingers flexed around her wrist. “You screamed like someone
plunged a dagger in your heart, Vi.”
A part of her had suspected that she was responsible for that
bloodcurdling, banshee shriek, but she hadn’t wanted to admit it to herself.
She scraped her mind for a plausible explanation for her breakdown. Ten
minutes ago, she could have gone jogging and now, she felt like she had the
flu. She was feverish, shaky, nauseated, and her body ached like she’d been
beaten with a bat.
Jesse cupped her clammy cheek. “You care for me, Violet. As much as
you want to deny it, as much as you wish you didn’t, you do.”
Her free hand twisted in his damp shirt as she bared her teeth at him.
“How could I possibly love someone who’s hurt me as much as you have?”
His mouth twisted in a bittersweet smile. “Because when you love, you
do it with your whole heart. You give so completely, there’s no taking it
back.”
Even as his words speared her heart, she held his gaze as she enunciated
in a voice that trembled, “I do not love you.”
“Okay,” he said gently.
“I hate you,” she spat.
His fingers brushed through her waterfall of tears. “I know.”
She desperately tried to get a hold of herself as her emotions ravaged
her insides. “I need you to go.”
“Is that what you really want?”
“Yes!”
He looked down at the hand she didn’t realize was still twisted in his
shirt. She was horrified to see that, contrary to what her mouth was saying,
she was tugging him toward her. She released him as if he burned her and
shot to her feet. She snatched tissues from her nightstand and frantically
mopped up her face. What the hell was wrong with her? Why couldn’t she
stop crying?
“Violet.”
She whirled with a snarl. “Why are you still here? Go! Leave!”
His eyes were a little wild as he stared at her. “I would have stayed if
you asked me to, but it’s too late.”
Her heart skipped. “I didn’t ask you to.” That fiery volcano inside of her
spewing lava added, “Why would I ask you to stay? I’m thrilled you’re
leaving! This is a dream come true. I’ve been counting down the days!”
“You’re going to deny it to the bitter end,” he said with a shake of his
head.
“There’s nothing to deny! I hate your guts!”
His eyes narrowed a second before he lunged at her. He clapped a hand
over her mouth before she could utter a sound and drove her backward into
the wall.
“You don’t know when to quit,” he bit out through clenched teeth. “If I
had more time, I’d prove what a fucking lie that is.”
He buried his face in her hair, inhaled, and groaned before he slumped
against her.
“How am I going to live without you? I miss you already, and you’re
right here.” His hand fisted in her hair. “I’m going for both our sakes, to
give us time and space to regain some sanity.”
He tugged on her hair, forcing her head back to look at him. His
shadowed gaze, full of aggravated yearning, moved over her face.
“Hopefully, while I’m gone, you’ll come to your senses.”
She yanked his hand off her mouth to hiss, “I have come to my senses! I
never want to see you again!”
A muscle ticked in his jaw. “You’re so fucking stubborn.”
She pushed at his chest. “You have to go.”
“Kiss me goodbye.”
She went rigid. “No!”
“Please. Just this once,” he said raggedly and brushed his lips back and
forth across hers, tempting her to engage. “One last kiss.”
Why did her heart feel like it was breaking? Why was her entire body
trembling with grief and sorrow? This is what she wanted. What she’d
prayed for. She reached the end of the tunnel but hadn’t stepped into the
sunshine. For some reason, she hesitated in the shadows and wasn’t making
a break for freedom. What the hell was wrong with her? Why had one of
her hands twisted in his shirt, once again holding him to her, instead of
shoving him away as he deserved?
As if he knew her tumultuous thoughts, his mouth curved in a shaky,
agonizing smile. His bloodshot eyes were suspiciously bright.
“You’re beautiful on the inside and out, pitying a monster, even though
you try not to. I can see you’re fighting it, but God did say to love your
enemy.”
Even as she hauled in a breath to verbally rip him to shreds, he disarmed
her when he brushed the tip of his nose against hers, a gesture of affection
he hadn’t done since they were kids. Her mind flooded with memories of a
happier time. A time she hadn’t allowed herself to think about because it
hurt too much to remember how much they’d lost. How had this all gone so
wrong? Her mouth trembled as a tear slipped down her face.
“I’m sorry, Violet. For everything. If you can’t forgive me, have mercy
on me.”
She wasn’t sure why that plea made her stomach drop but combined
with the sound of an invisible clock ticking, she felt a mounting sense of
dread and urgency. This was it. He wasn’t going away for a weekend or
even a week or two like he did when he went to sports camps. He was
leaving. They didn’t know when they would see each other again. His life
wouldn’t be his own once he walked out the door. The military would
dictate everything from here on out. She despised him, but if something
happened to him, and she denied him this, could she ever forgive herself?
Shutting down all rational thought, she clasped the back of his neck and
set her mouth on his. Anger was her driving emotion. She funneled the
tornado of her destructive emotions into him. She was the aggressor, the
one who nipped and bit and wanted him to hurt. He let her do what she
wanted to him and when she gave him an opening, he returned her
aggression with tenderness. He kissed her in a way that left her feeling raw,
shaken, and heartbroken.
When her legs gave out, he held her in the crook of one arm and cradled
her face as he cherished her and repented for all the wrong he’d done.
Attuned to him as she was, she sensed his desire, but it was tainted by the
sharp tang of fear. Realizing he wasn’t as confident as he appeared, she
couldn’t stop herself from trying to console him. Her fingers bunched in his
hair as she kissed him back, comforting and reassuring him in the only form
of communicating they had left.
“Jesse?”
Mom’s call seemed to come from a million miles away.
Jesse reluctantly disengaged and cleared his throat before he called out,
“I’ll be out in a minute.”
Eyes awash with regret moved over Violet’s face as if he were trying to
memorize it.
“Thank you,” he said gruffly, and tried to ease away from her, but her
arms locked around him. “Violet?”
She was struck with sudden terror over a future without him in it. He
had been the only constant in her life for almost five years. He was her
tormentor, but also her protector. A part of her knew he would always have
her back, and now she would have no one. She was going to be alone again.
“Vi, I have to go.”
“Jesse.”
She heard the inadvertent plea in her voice. Pain ripped across his
features as he closed his eyes, shedding a tear that he transferred to her
when he gave her a hard kiss.
“I’ll come back,” he said fiercely, before he ripped himself away from
her.
She took a step after him, hand outstretched to grab hold of him, but he
was too quick. He didn’t look back as he strode out of her bedroom. She
listened to his swift, heavy footfalls go down the hall.
“Is Violet okay?” Mom asked.
“No,” Jesse said curtly. “She isn’t going to see me off. We have to get
going.”
There was a flurry of movement and then the sound of the front door
closing, the rev of an engine, and then silence.
Violet dropped to the carpet and finally let loose the scream that had
been bottled up inside of her. Now that she was alone, everything she had
crammed down for over nine months spilled out. She raged, pounding the
carpet with her fists until they were numb. She cried until she retched and,
when she collapsed on the bathroom floor, wondered why she felt like she’d
just lost her best friend.
Violet tossed and turned. She moved around so much, her fitted
sheet came undone, forcing her to remake her bed.
By the time Mom and Dad had returned home, she was semipresentable, though her eyes that were nearly swollen shut let them know
what she’d done in the interim. Strangely, her volatile emotional state
seemed to have cured Lynne of hers. Mom spent the rest of the day treating
her like she was sick—swaddling her with blankets even though it was hot
as hell outside, making her soup, and coddling her.
Violet pummeled her pillow before she flopped on her side and stared at
the bathroom door that she’d closed out of habit. Now, she could leave it
open if she wanted to. She had to remember to ask Dad to fix the lock. She
was so tired, she felt ill, but she couldn’t sleep. She should be dead to the
world, getting the best sleep of her life. Instead, she was staring at the door,
willing it to open.
With a low growl, she rolled out of bed, yanked the door open and
marched into Jesse’s bedroom. She surveyed his tidy, empty room,
illuminated by streetlights, with bitter, glistening eyes.
She ruined the taut sheets when she crawled over it. She breathed deep.
The scent of his musk imbedded in the sheets comforted, even as it
infuriated her.
She rolled onto her back and, under the gaze of his favorite football
player, sank her hand into her pajama bottoms. She was soaking wet.
Depraved memories played through her mind, making her writhe and pant
and when she came, she hated that she moaned his name.
She stared at the ceiling as she came down from her high. She thought
she was reclaiming her sexuality by masturbating in his room, the place
where he initiated and corrupted her. She should have felt victorious, but as
always, she felt empty. She couldn’t believe he was really gone.
She turned onto her belly and, in the darkness, sobbed her heart out.
“Violet?”
She opened her eyes and was confused by the orientation of the room
until she realized she was in Jesse’s. Mom stood in the doorway with bleary
eyes and messy hair.
She opened her mouth to say something, but before she could, the tears
started again. Mom’s expression softened as she came forward. Violet held
up a hand, not wanting to be touched, but Mom ignored that and hauled her
into her arms.
“I know, honey. I miss him too,” Mom murmured.
Violet fisted her hand in Mom’s robe. Her body still yearned for him
and her emotions were still entangled, despite her best efforts to block him
out. It would take time to break the ties between them, but once she did, she
would never let him back in.

VIOLET.
2 MONTHS LATER.
“Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday,
dear Violet,” Mom and Dad sang. “Happy birthday to you!”
Violet couldn’t help but laugh as Lynne clapped, hopped, and sang at
the top of her voice. The kindergarten teacher in her had never been more
evident than at this moment.
“Now close your eyes and make a wish!” Lynne encouraged and held
up a finger. “And know that all your dreams are within reach!”
Violet dutifully closed her eyes for show and waited an appropriate
amount of time before she blew out the candles.
“Woo-hoo!” Lynne cheered and turned on the dining room lights to
reveal the smoking candles. “Eighteen,” Lynne marveled and wrapped her
arms around Violet. “I can’t believe it. You’re all grown up.”
Violet allowed herself to lean into Lynne. Dad watched them with a
fond smile.
Lynne kissed the top of her head. “You’re the best daughter. We’re so
happy to have you here with us.”
Violet lowered her gaze and ignored the sudden lump in her throat.
Lynne gave her a squeeze and went into the kitchen to fetch bowls and ice
cream.
“Did you have a good day at school?” Dad asked.
Violet nodded and, to avoid eye contact, reached out to stroke the velvet
petals of a rose in a vase in the middle of the table. “Everyone remembers
my birthday since it’s back-to-back with us starting school. My friends got
me enough balloons to make my backpack float,” she joked.
“Are you sure you don’t want a party? This is the first time you haven’t
had one, and eighteen’s such a special year,” Lynne said as she cut into the
strawberry cake.
“I don’t need a party. I’m happy with this,” Violet said, gesturing
between the three of them. “And you paid for us to go to that concert. We’ll
celebrate then.”
“Here you go.” Mom placed a generous slice of strawberry cake and
two scoops of ice cream in front of her. “For the sweetest birthday girl.”
They had followed the same ritual for her birthday that Lynne
established five years ago. She woke to one dozen pink roses and red velvet
pancakes for breakfast, followed by her favorite meal for dinner and now
strawberry cake and ice cream. Usually, she had a party on the weekend
after her birthday, but this year she asked to skip it. The concert tickets
Mom and Dad had bought for her and her friends were more than enough.
Everything was as it should be. Better, actually. So, why wasn’t she happy?
Why didn’t she feel anything?
She refused to look to her left, where Jesse used to sit. Even though he
wasn’t there, she felt the heaviness of his presence. He was everywhere and
yet, nowhere. It had been almost two months since he left. She assumed
once he was gone that she would magically revert to who she’d been, only
to realize that part of her was gone forever.
Her grand plans of enjoying the rest of her summer never came to
fruition. After Jesse left, she shut down. She had a hard time getting out of
bed and struggled to do basic daily functions. The thing that snapped her
out of her zombie state was Mom suggesting she speak to Pastor Sonny or
one of the other church leaders. Fear of being questioned galvanized her
into action.
She thought she would no longer have to act, but she was putting on the
performance of her life. All eyes had always been on Jesse. Without him to
deflect everyone’s attention from her, she now had to work three times as
hard to appear normal. She did what was required of her. She did her
chores, went to church, and had recently returned to school for her senior
year. She responded when spoken to and smiled on command, but she felt
absolutely nothing. When she was alone and no longer had to pretend that
she was like everyone else, she plummeted into a mental space so bleak that
she worried about her sanity.
Although she’d been half expecting it, her heart stopped when Mom’s
phone rang. Mom dropped her bowl with a clatter and sprinted to the
counter, where the phone was charging. From her delighted expression,
Violet knew who the caller was before Mom announced, “It’s Jesse!”
As her body went numb, she asked Dad, “How’s Uncle Perry?”
Dad took his gaze from Mom and focused on her. “He’s still in the
hospital.” Dad shook his head. “He dropped two stories with that toddler in
his arms. The kid didn’t have a scratch. Perry’s lucky he just broke his leg
and not his—”
“Violet?”
She turned her head and saw Mom holding out her cell phone.
“Jesse wants to wish you a happy birthday.”
Even as dread weighted down her limbs, making her stumble as she rose
from her chair, Violet tried to look eager rather than sick to her stomach.
Mom gave her a puzzled look as she handed over the phone. “Jesse said
he’s been trying to get in touch with you all day.”
Violet pressed the mute button before she said, “Really? Huh. I don’t
know why I didn’t see his messages.” She put the phone to her ear and said
a bright, “Hello?”
“Violet?”
The sound of Jesse’s voice unleashed a torrent of emotion that made her
knees buckle. She braced her hand on the table as she bowed her head and
closed her eyes to get a handle on herself.
“Thank you,” she said, as if Jesse had wished her a happy birthday and
tried to inject some warmth and enthusiasm into her voice as she asked,
“How are you doing?”
She hadn’t heard his voice since the day he left. She blocked his number
so he wouldn’t be able to contact her, and managed to avoid speaking to
him whenever he called their parents by making herself scarce or saying she
would call him back on her phone and never doing so. She considered
having a party just to have more people around so she would have an
excuse to skirt this phone call. Stupidly, she’d hoped Jesse would forget or
be too busy to call. Now she had no choice but to carry on a fake
conversation in front of her parents. She would leave it up to Jesse to
explain why he was unable to hear anything on his end. He was good at
making up lies.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t get your messages. Maybe I need to get my phone
checked out,” she said.
“Mom, are you there?” Jesse asked impatiently.
Her nails sank into her palms. Memories swarmed over her, reviving
needs she was desperately trying to forget. She opened her eyes and saw
Mom watching her intently. Violet flashed a megawatt smile as she said,
“We just finished dinner. We’re eating cake and ice cream.” She let out a
false laugh and said, “No. Not German chocolate cake, but we did have
buttermilk pie recently. Dad got two pies all to himself.”
“That’s what you get when you go to the military! No home cooked
meals!” Dad said loudly and took a swat on the arm from Mom before he
carried his bowl into the living room to finish eating in front of the TV.
“Mom? Violet?” Jesse called.
Violet moved into the kitchen as Mom began to clear the table and
asked, “What have you been up to? Are they treating you good?”
“Mom,” Jesse bit out.
Violet’s stomach churned. He sounded different. Harder, colder. Even
his voice had deepened.
“Mom? What the hell?” Jesse snapped and hung up.
Violet blew out a breath. “Uh-huh,” she said, nodding. “That doesn’t
sound too bad.” She wiped down the counters as she chattered for show.
“School’s been good. At first, I loved driving myself everywhere, but now I
miss being a passenger princess. Can you believe that? Oh my gosh. You
know who I saw recently? I…”
She yanked the phone away from her ear when it began to ring loudly.
Why hadn’t she thought to turn off the volume? Damn! When Mom
frowned, Violet widened her eyes. “I didn’t even know we got
disconnected.”
She answered the phone and immediately pressed the mute button
again.
“How long was I talking to myself?” Violet asked ruefully.
“Mom?” Jesse called in a clipped tone.
“That long?” Violet chuckled before she flicked her hand. “I was just
talking about school and wishing you could chauffeur me around like the
good old days.”
When Mom turned away with a smile and went to join Dad in the living
room, Violet’s tense shoulders dropped.
Jesse’s voice abruptly hardened. “Damn it, Vi. I know you’re there.
Answer me.”
Her hand tightened on the phone. “You’re almost done with basic
training, right?”
“It’s been two months,” he rasped. “Let me hear your voice.”
Fuck him. She wouldn’t give him anything he wanted ever again, even
if it was just the sound of her voice.
“Oh, really?” she asked, trying to sound interested.
“If you don’t talk to me, I’m going to tell Mom,” Jesse said.
Outrage seared her throat. She should be the one threatening him, not
the other way around! She wanted to slam the phone on the counter until it
came apart in pieces. Instead, she held her smile, though it was now more of
a sneer as she unmuted the call. Thankfully, Mom and Dad were watching
the news and not paying attention to her.
“You’re an asshole,” she said quietly.
He exhaled before he said grimly, “This is the only way I can get you to
talk to me since you blocked me.”
“You’re blocked for a reason.”
He ignored that and asked, “How… how have you been?”
He sounded nervous and awkward.
She glanced at Mom and Dad before she hurried down the hallway to
her bedroom. If she had to speak to him, she wanted privacy to say what she
needed to.
“I was okay until I had to talk to you,” she retorted as she closed her
bedroom door and punched one of the balloons a friend had given her.
“I wanted to tell you happy birthday.”
“Thank you,” she said ungraciously. “Is that it?”
“No, I…”
“You what?” she demanded. “What do you want from me?”
She hated the warble in her voice. She’d hoped the next time they
interacted that she would be stone-cold, but clearly, not enough time had
passed. His voice whipped her emotions into a frenzy. She hated that he had
such power over her, but she hated even more her body’s response. The
neglected space between her legs throbbed, begging to be possessed. What
the hell was wrong with her? What kind of sicko missed the fucked-up
things he used to do to her?
A filthy slut, that’s who, her inner critic jeered. She bit her lip hard
enough to make it bleed to disrupt the scathing litany and focused in time to
hear Jesse say, “I want what I’ve always wanted. You.”
Her hand whistled as it slashed through the air. “You can’t have me!
You’ll never have me. I want nothing to do with you. Why can’t you
understand that?”
“I didn’t call to upset you,” he said wearily
“Then you should have left me alone! You know I don’t want to talk to
you. Why force me?”
His voice shredded as he said with a little heat of his own, “Because I
miss you! Not seeing you, not being able to talk to you has been hell. We’ve
never been apart this long. I’m going crazy. Don’t you miss me at all?”
She swallowed the lump in her throat. The worst part was, she did miss
him, and she hated herself for it.
Her prolonged silence made him sigh. She couldn’t see him, but she
imagined him running his hands through his hair.
“I thought…” He hesitated and then said in a rush, “The day I left, you
held on to me. You didn’t want me to go. Damn it, you kissed me back, Vi!”
She flinched as her stomach churned, threatening to expel her favorite
cake. That day haunted her because it demonstrated how weak she was
when it came to him. It didn’t matter what he did to her. Her defenses
would never be as strong as they needed to be where he was concerned. She
had to keep him at a distance, which was possible now that he was in the
military. She thought she’d built up some resistance to him, but this phone
call proved her shields were as sturdy as wet napkins.
“You can’t hold what I did that day against me. I didn’t know what I
was doing! I was messed up—I’m still messed up because of you. I don’t
know if I’ll ever be…”
She pressed the back of her hand to her mouth to smother a rogue sob
without success. She shut her eyes, utterly humiliated. She hadn’t even been
talking to him for two minutes, and she was spiraling out of control.
“Don’t cry,” he said gruffly. “Or so help me God, I’m going to show
up.”
“I’m not crying,” she lied defiantly. “And you can’t ‘show up’. They
decide what you do now.”
“That’s why I wanted to talk to you. I’m almost done with basic
training, and I have the opportunity to come home before I—”
“What?” she quietly shrieked.
“I may be able to stay for a week or two before I ship off to Alaska.”
“D-did you mention this to M-mom or Dad?” She was so rattled, her
words tripped over one another.
“No. I wanted to talk to you first. It was supposed to be a surprise for
your birthday.”
“No!”
“I need to see you,” he said desperately. “I’m dying without you.”
“You can’t shove me back into your twisted game again! I can’t do it!”
“I won’t,” he began earnestly, but she cut him off.
“Don’t make promises we both know you can’t keep!”
The thought of seeing him again threw her into a panic. She thought she
would have six months or more to prepare before facing him. The thought
of seeing him any sooner was horrifying.
“You don’t know what you did to me,” she said in a strangled voice. “I
am not okay. I’m just starting to feel human again, and you want to come
back and break me all over again.”
“I don’t—”
“You’ve done it countless times! That’s all you know how to do! I don’t
know how you can live with yourself when I don’t want to live with myself.
How do you do it?”
“Violet.”
His voice cracked like a whip, but she didn’t want to hear what he had
to say. He had to stay away. Her sanity depended on it. She was barely
hanging on. If he came back, it would destroy her. She couldn’t take another
round of him, not when she had finally adjusted to his absence. In the past,
she did her best to keep him from seeing how much damage he inflicted,
but she would reveal all if it would keep him at bay.
“I thought once you were gone, I would feel better, but…” She
shuddered as the ever-present shame rose up to choke her. “Every time I get
in the car, I think of all the things you’ve done to me in it. I go to church,
and I think of what you did to me on that stage. I go to school, and I think
of all the places you took me, the things you forced me to do…” Her hands
brushed at the invisible sludge she could feel on her body, but could never
remove, no matter how hard she scrubbed.
“Baby.”
She stomped her foot. “Don’t call me that! Don’t call me anything.
Don’t talk to me!” she said wildly as she mentally unraveled.
“Violet.”
“Do you know what I did today?” She clutched the phone in a death
grip as her eyes filled with tears. “My friends wanted to treat me to lunch,
but instead of going with them, I drove to that park where you broke me the
first time. The place where you showed me the real you. I sat there and
thought about ending it all.”
There was no sound on the other end of the line. She wasn’t sure if the
call dropped, but she kept talking. Now that she’d confessed the dark path
her mind had taken to the one person who would understand why, she
couldn’t stop.
“I am barely hanging on,” she said hoarsely as tears poured down her
face. “All the secrets and lies… I can’t do it anymore. I can’t live like this.”
As the pain mounted to an unbearable degree, her eyes flicked around
the room for something to inflict damage on her person before she closed
her eyes, willing away the violent, compulsive urges brought on by the selfloathing she couldn’t shirk.
“If you ever felt anything for me, you’d stay away.”
Silence.
“I’ll never ask anything of you ever again,” she pleaded. “Just don’t
come home, at least while I’m here. After I graduate, you can see Mom and
Dad whenever you want.”
“Is that what you really want?” he asked in a stifled tone.
“Yes.”
There was a brief pause and then, “If that’s what you need.”
Relief made her legs weak. She collapsed on the edge of her bed and
dropped her face in her hand. “Thank you.”
“Violet, I… I never meant to hurt you.”
She knew he heard her whimpering because his voice broke.
“I swear I can fix this if you give me a chance.”
“You can’t f-fix something that’s shattered into a m-million pieces,” she
said raggedly.
“I’ll spend the rest of my life finding every piece and putting it back
where it belongs,” he said fervently.
“I used to think you were heaven sent,” she said in a hollow voice. “I
loved you more than I loved myself. I made so many excuses for you
because I didn’t want to believe the truth.” Her breath hitched before she
finished, “You’re the worst thing that ever happened to me. I don’t ever
want to see you again.”
The call ended. She wasn’t sure if they got disconnected or if he hung
up. Either way, she was grateful because she reached the end of her rope.
The phone tumbled across the carpet after it fell from her nerveless fingers.
She had officially severed their bond. She felt the disconnect as acutely
as if she severed a limb. Internally, she was screaming that same
bloodcurdling cry she had the day he left. It was the grief-stricken wail of a
woman who had lost someone she didn’t think she could live without, but
she had no choice. Cutting him out of her life was the only way she could
cope. She had the misfortune to give her heart to a monster who damaged
her so severely, she would never be the same. It was the right thing to do, so
why did she feel like she was back in that dark tunnel without light or hope?
She wrapped her arms around herself and folded at the waist. Fat, salty
tears rained down on her pink heart socks. Her agony was so profound she
couldn’t make a sound.
She lost countless battles, but she just won the war. Jesse would honor
his promise. She would never see him again. She should have been elated
and relieved. Instead, she mourned. Jesse was right. When she loved, she
did it completely, which meant she would never be whole again.
*
End of Prequel. Continue in Book 2, Corrupt Idol!
